["""there’s a whole story could be written about guns and Mississippi,” said Charlie Cobb. “Nonviolence
was never an issue when I came to the Delta in 1961; it never came up. Maybe if you were doing sit-ins,
where you had to protect yourself, it would be something to talk about. But we weren’t doing sit-ins in the
Delta. Violence in Mississippi was always mob violence, and the way to protect yourself from a mob was
not a question of violence or nonviolence. It was a simple question: ‘How can I survive this?’ It’s not like a
cowboy fi lm where you’re at one end of the street with your righteous gun and the Klan is at the other end,
and you’re going to face each other in a shootout.
“No.” His voice was quieter, more intense than it had been. “You’re driving your car at night in the Delta,
and all of a sudden a shot rings out. And it hits you, like it did with Jimmy Travis, or it misses you.” He swal-
lowed hard, and plunged ahead. “Or you’re in a church, and it gets blown up. Or you’re in a house in Ruleville
with Mr. and Mrs. McDonald, as McLaurin and I were, when faceless people fi re shotguns into their living
room. Th ese are not situations that get resolved around the philosophy of nonviolence.”
Charlie’s face was taut as he relived that night. “Th e McDonalds had to jump into the bathtub to escape
the bullets, and Mac and I had to fi gure out how to not get killed.” His expression softened, and a sardonic
smile crossed his face. “Th e next morning Mayor Durrough came with the police and arrested me for the
shooting. He said that I did it for publicity, that I had set the whole thing up. His deputy, the man who killed
Emmett Till, the fourteen-year-old kid, for whistling at a white woman, hauled me off to jail.”
Th e subject of nonviolence, whether as a tactic in the struggle as seen by Charlie Cobb or as a moral
North Star for other icons of the civil rights movement like John Lewis, has always been evocative. In a con-
versation with Martha Honey that followed our meeting with John Lewis, it seemed clear that one’s position
on nonviolence was the result of experience rather than of doctrine. When we chatted in Martha Honey’s
Maryland home, the comfortable living room was alive with sculptures, wall hangings, and native graphics.
Th ey were aff ectionate souvenirs of reportorial assignments shared with her husband, Tony Avrigan.
“Did your time in the movement ever make you question your early Quaker commitment to nonvio-
lence, Martha?”
“In the context of the United States in 1964, given its social and political history, nonviolence absolutely
made political sense,” she said, ruminating. “Mississippi showed me a part of the United States I didn’t know
was there. Th e depth of hatred that was there.” Martha’s voice echoed the wonder she had felt on her tour
of duty in the Delta. “I remember riding along in an interracial car and these carloads of whites going past
us, sticking their arms out and screaming and yelling at us ... ” Her voice broke. “I had never seen hatred like
that before ... hurling hatred at people who were just wanting to exercise their constitutional rights. It was
astounding. Mississippi in 1964 was like a foreign land. But my time in Mississippi made me want to go to
Africa, to Central America, to see other foreign lands.”
Her eyes drifted to the artifact-adorned wall of the living room, lingering briefl y. “So Mississippi changed
my life. I didn’t just want to see those places. I wanted to sink my teeth into them. To live the experience.”
She smiled, nodding at her conclusion. “Th e rest of my life, and I’m fi fty-fi ve, has been trying to recapture
that depth of feeling, that commitment and passion, the way I felt in Mississippi, where everything was so
heightened.”
She looked up sharply, and her voice was very fi rm. “I’m a product of enormous privilege, so I haven’t
really been tested the way I’d have to be to know if I’d always adhere to nonviolence. But what happened
when Tony and I went off to Africa made me realize that other people in diff erent circumstances can rightly
make other decisions. But I still believe that in the United States’ context, nonviolent direct action, assertive,
not passive, can be absolutely the right tactic.” Th e couple had lived for long periods away from the UnitedNonviolence | 15
States. Th eir reporting on the confl icts in Central America nearly cost Tony his life. After moving to Africa,
they wrote of the struggles of the newly emerging states on that continent to break free of colonialism.
Still youthful and vibrant, Martha retains the calm, dedicated, and humorous qualities I recalled so
well. Her grown children away at college, and her journalist husband off on an assignment dealing with the
accelerating confl ict in Afghanistan, we had the chance to get reacquainted after decades.
I had fi rst known Martha when she was a high school student in my town of Westport, Connecticut.
Shortly after I arrived in the Delta in 1964, I learned that she had gone to work as a volunteer in Holmes
County as a Freedom School teacher, and drove over to visit with her. I was concerned that as an eighteen-
year-old freshman from Oberlin she might be fi nding rugged Holmes County tough to handle. When I found
her with the Turnbow family, relaxed and happy, I realized my concerns were unwarranted. Martha had
decided to go south because the cause seemed that important, and now she was starting to do what she
wanted to do. Th ere was no sign of apprehension in her young eyes in 1964.
When I reminded her now of my early worries about her, she smiled appreciatively. “My interest in peace
and human rights started very early, long before going to Holmes County that summer. It’s just been part
of my life since I was very young. I went to Quaker work camps, worked in Harlem on weekend projects,
and went to Appalachia to a work site there.” She paused, “Do you remember a group called ‘Concern’ in
West-port, Tracy? Well, I was one of that bunch, one of those disaff ected young people who didn’t quite fi t
in with the stereotypes of what upper-class suburbia was all about.”
I laughed. “Of course I remember. My daughter, Laurie, was part of ‘Concern’ a few years later!”
“I guess I’m not surprised. It was a great group. We picketed Woolworth’s, though we didn’t ‘sit in.’”
She chuckled, remembering. “’Concern’ was sort of a mixture of emotional support, political action, and
folk music ... all on Friday nights and weekends! And when it was time to think about college, I picked
Oberlin because I heard it was the fi rst college to integrate and had been part of the Underground Railway!
Oberlin was a pretty activist school, but I think I was the only student who decided to go to the orientation
in Oxford.”
“How did your folks take the news?”
“Th ey were supportive, and they were nervous. Dad called me into his study, and that was always serious.
‘We have to talk about this trip you’re planning to Mississippi,’ he said. Since his whole professional life had
been spent in academia, I assured him that some of the organizers of the Summer Project came from Yale.
So he called one of them to the house so he could make sure I would be well looked after. “And this young
law student promised he would take care of me, and I would be all right.” She burst out laughing. “Well, he
had no way to promise that. And secondly, this young law student turned out to be Jonathen Bingham!” She
hooted at the memory. “Jonathen Bingham! He ended up later helping a Black Panther to escape and had to
go underground himself!” Her laughter now was unconstrained. “Th e antithesis of what my father thought a
patrician Yale law school student was!”
Serious now, she settled back on the couch. “It was mixed emotions for my folks. Being a parent now, I
can understand those feelings.” I waited for her to continue. Quietly, she said, “To me it was just the right
thing to do. I went without a lot of fears. Th e fears came later.” She looked at Gloria and me, seeking to fi nd
the right words to describe what that hard summer had meant to her. “It was a marvelous summer for me.”
She hesitated, and grinned. “Mostly marvelous. I felt so privileged to be there, so humbled by meeting people
who really had put their lives on the line, on the line, for just trying to get basic human rights! So moved by
the experience, by the overwhelming generosity of the local black community. Mr. Turnbow and his wife and
his daughter took us in, and we basically ate up their winter food. And they wouldn’t take any money from16 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
us. We were hardly even aware of the depth of their need, or their thin margin for just getting by.” Th ere were
tears in Martha’s eyes. “For just getting by ...
“Toward the end of the summer, Mr. Turnbow was chosen to go as one of the Mississippi Freedom
Democratic Party delegates up to the Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City. And the other
woman volunteer and I told Mrs. Turnbow, ‘You must go with him.’ And she said, ‘I can’t. I don’t have
anything to wear to Atlantic City.’ So we bought her a dress, and Mrs. Turnbow went with Mr. Turnbow to
the convention!” She looked enormously pleased at the memory. But then her face became refl ective. “Th at
was all they ever accepted from us.”
I looked at the solemn, still young face, remembering the girl I saw at the Turnbows nearly four decades
before. “How would you advise your child today about going into an apartheid situation, as you did then in
Mississippi?”
Her gaze was steady. “From a very early age, our daughter has always been an activist. I guess I would have
many of the emotions my parents had. But Mississippi was such an incredible learning experience for me
that I long for my kids to have that same kind of experience. I want them to, and yet I’d worry about them.
I would encourage anybody, even my kids, to have the life-changing experience that Mississippi gave me.”
Th e pluck and resilience that so characterized Martha Honey were some of the astonishing discoveries
I made fi rst at Oxford, and then on a regular basis during that summer of ‘64. Th e young white women,
mostly nurtured in protective middle-class homes, who chose to go to work in the movement, were tough.
Many, like Martha Honey and Linda Davis, had ventured south to be teachers in Freedom Schools. But in
quick order they became visible, courageous civil rights workers, daring the fury of the white establishment
as they canvassed, picketed, and willingly shared the lives of the Negro families who had taken them in. It
was striking how that process of racial immersion during those times of violence would often acutely alter
their political perceptions. It might well be true that back home in the North concepts like “Black Power”
were riling and upsetting many of the movement’s liberal supporters, but very diff erent perceptions existed
within the movement itself.
“After Stokely Carmichael launched ‘Black Power’ as a uniting principle of the movement, some white
civil rights workers were deeply off ended, Martha. Some even left the movement. How did that aff ect you?”
“As you probably remember, a lot of us workers in the movement were critical of Martin Luther King. He
just didn’t seem militant enough. We approved of his nonviolence, but we had the feeling he was kind of
‘selling out’ by working so closely with the white establishment. So some of the ingredients for ‘Black Power’
were already apparent in SNCC. I had always had the feeling that I was in Mississippi serving a movement
that was led by African Americans. In Holmes County, I was taking directions from the black community
leaders. So I didn’t feel really angry or hurt. I thought that that was the stage that things were at. But later we
found that it was a more complicated matter. Part of it was learning that there had been outside infi ltrators
who had used ‘Black Power’ as a device to break up the movement, to split black and white unity. With
hindsight, I think maybe I might not have been as positive and accepting, more wary that this was not a
healthy path to be going down.”
On the day that followed, we had the chance to explore that critical time of racial separation in SNCC
with Linda Davis. No white whom I knew in the movement had volunteered as selfl essly as she, or had so
won and earned the love and respect of the black community in the Delta. “You had developed such a tight
relationship with the community during this whole time, Linda. It was so mutually trusting,” I said. “And then
there was this rupture in the SNCC leadership which suddenly ended the racially integrated movement in
Mississippi, and the white volunteers were no longer welcome. How did that aff ect you?”Nonviolence | 17
Her face was refl ective, and she slowly shook her head from side to side. “Oh, it was so sad, so disappoint-
ing. Th at all happened at the fall meeting in ‘64. And what a tense meeting that was. It was the time when
Stokely Carmichael called for running the whites out of SNCC. Th ere was a whole lot of discussion, a lot of
argument that times had changed, that it was time for blacks to assert themselves. Stokely called for ‘Black
Power.’ We whites should go organize in the white communities.” She paused. “I don’t think that any of us
whites who were working down there ever worried about who was leading. I don’t think that was the issue.
I think the real issue was the black reaction to the racism that became so clear when the three workers were
murdered. All of a sudden the country took notice of a brutal racism in Mississippi that had killed blacks
for generations, and nobody had seemed to care. But when two of the murdered boys were whites from
the North, the response was very strong and immediate. Th at was something that every black American
recognized, and Stokely capitalized on it.”
Linda’s voice was hushed, and her eyes held mine. “SNCC’s leadership decision to make it a black
movement was perhaps a proper decision. But it ignored the truth that our white presence had helped
generate attention and action, and opened up Mississippi. It was hard for me not to react in fury, even
though I recognized that a pernicious racism lay beneath all of it.”
“I think very many volunteers felt that way, Linda,” I responded, but I was sobered by Linda’s perceptions
of the motivation of the racial anger, and annoyed at my own blindness in perceiving it. How diffi cult it is
to think outside the racial box you were born in. No black friend in the movement, I realized, had been that
candid with me about that gulf of sensitivity.""",
"""The Detroit riot and the other riots of the 1960s were quite unlike the “communal riots” of an earlier
time that were characterized by interracial confl ict between blacks and whites. Was it, indeed, a riot
at all, or was it, as at least some blacks to this day prefer to label it, a “rebellion”? By a four-to-one margin
(48 to 13 percent), Detroit blacks questioned on this point in a survey conducted just after the riot pre-
ferred the term “riot.” In the Campbell-Schuman survey a few months later, however, the percentages were
reversed, 56 percent as compared to 19 percent of Detroit’s black respondents choosing to characterize
the disturbance as a “rebellion or revolution.” It has been suggested in this regard that, at that time in any
event, “revolutionary labels” for events like rioting “generally had favorable connotations for blacks.” Since,
however, those involved in the disturbance in Detroit can hardly be described as having been engaged in
“organized armed resistance to an established government,” as rebellion is commonly defi ned, that word
hardly fi ts what took place. Because of the sniping that occurred, some chose to see the disturbance as a
form of “urban guerrilla warfare,” but this not only grossly exaggerates the amount of sniping but suggests
the existence of some kind of organization, a plan of operation, and sanctuaries to which the guerrillas
could withdraw, elements lacking in the Detroit disturbance.
Seeking to avoid racial labeling, liberals on the race question dubbed the riots of the 1960s “civil disorders,”
the term used by the Kerner Commission. Louis H. Masotti and Don R. Bowen have defi ned “civil violence”
as violence directed against the “symbols of the civil order.” Th ey characterize riots as a form of civil violence
that does not involve an attempt to seize or overthrow “state power” and that is largely “spontaneous,
unplanned, and disorganized.” Th e Detroit violence fi ts this description of riots as a form of civil violence.
Th e Kerner Commission aptly described the civil disorders of the 1960s as “racial in character” but not
“interracial.” Th e Detroit rioters, after all, were mainly although not entirely black, the disturbance occurred
in black neighborhoods, and it was policemen and fi remen, the overwhelming majority of whom were
white, and business establish ments, mostly white-owned, that the rioters attacked. A looter thus stated
that although there was no “fi ghting” between blacks and whites, it was “a race riot because the negroes
was trying to get the goods from the white folks because the white folks own everything and they [blacks]
was just trying to get something so they can own it.” Th ere was, as a matter of fact, a very small amount of
interracial fi ghting during the riot, and some rioters were very hostile to whites; but the arrestees, it will be
recalled, overwhelmingly rejected the interpretation of the riot as “an anti-white event.” Whites in the riot
area were sometimes treated with derision, but they were rarely menaced.
Th ose who wished to play down the racial character of the 1967 riot were able to point to the fact that
some whites joined blacks in the rioting. In one disturbance area that included a large number of poor
whites, the latter, according to an observer, held out at fi rst but “went out and got into it” when they saw
blacks fi ghting the police. “Th ey don’t like the cops either,” a resident said of the whites. “Th is wasn’t no
Negro riot,” a black woman said. “It’s an all of ’em riot. Th ey’re puttin it on one side, but it’s both sides.” A
reporter saw a white, his arms full of groceries, fl eeing a looted store along with a black who had helped the
white free a trouser leg caught in a broken window of the store. A black exiting a looted store with four rolls
of toilet paper gave two of them to a white woman about to enter the store and said, “Don’t bother, honey.
Th at’s all that’s left.” A reporter thought that Detroit had witnessed “the fi rst integrated looting in history,”
and a black in Barbara Tinker’s novel commented, “Th e riot was about the most integration I have ever seen
in Detroit.” Twelve percent of the arrestees, it will be recalled, were white.
Some of those who have sought to explain the Detroit riot have stressed what they regard as the class
character or, at least, the class component of the disturbance. Th is interpretation hinges to a limited degree
on the participation of poor whites in the disturbance. In a sample survey of Twelfth Street adult blacksThe Meaning of Violence | 21
conducted just after the riot, more than 75 percent of the respondents thought that black and white riot-
ers had been “fi ghting on the same side.” Among the Elliot Luby group’s community sample of blacks, 68
percent, similarly, believed whites and blacks joined in the riot for “the same reasons.” It is hard to know
precisely what black respondents meant by answers of this sort, but the little information we have about
white rioters (insofar as they were included among the riot arrestees) does not suggest that it was class
consciousness that brought them out on the streets.
It has been more common for the class interpretation of the riot to be stated in terms of poor blacks
rising up against well-to-do blacks as well as whites. Jeff rey Paige thus concluded that “apparently class
position as defi ned purely by economic position is the major determinant of rioting.” Th is, no doubt, is what
John Conyers meant when he described the riot at its outset as “a war of the haves against the have nots.”
Economic class, indeed, may have been “the major determinant of rioting” in Newark, but it was not so
in Watts, and it is, at best, a diffi cult hypothesis to sustain in explaining the Detroit riot. Many lower-class
blacks in Detroit were hostile to middle-class blacks, but, judging from the available arrestee and black
community data, there is little reason to think that this provides a major clue to the Detroit rioting.
Social scientists and others seeking to explain the riots of the 1960s have generally related the distur-
bances to one or another explanatory model for collective behavior. Some, to be sure, have seen the riots as
“meaningless outbursts completely devoid of any logic, rationality or justifi cation.” Th is was the view of the
McCone Commission, which investigated the Watts riot, and of Edward C. Banfi eld, who viewed the riots
as less a reaction of blacks to whites, slums, and the police than as “outbreaks of the animal spirits” of pre-
dominantly youthful slum dwellers who rioted “mainly for fun and profi t.” Th e Detroit Free Press concluded
ten years after the Detroit riot that it had been, after all, “a meaningless event that stimulated nothing,
contributed nothing, revealed nothing of any substance or durability.” Th ere were, nevertheless, it remarked,
“people who felt a substantial stake in interpreting the riot as something more than random law breaking,
mob response, carnival.” To accept views of this sort, however, one has to assume what cannot be assumed,
namely, that blacks had no real grievances that might have induced some of them to riot.
In the view of some who have minimized the purposefulness of the riots, the rioters were “riff raff ,” either
criminals or outcasts or part of an underclass, “a class below the working class” that was uneducated, unem-
ployed, on the welfare rolls, and really “outside of our society.” Th at the rioters in Detroit did not conform to
the riff raff model, however, is abundantly evident from both the arrestee and self-reported rioter data. Th ese
same surveys demonstrated that the rioters were not recent migrants to the city unable to adjust to urban
living and suff ering from “culture shock.”
Five percent of the blacks and 21 percent of the whites in the Luby community sample attributed the
Detroit riot to “agitators” both from inside and outside the city. Although two young blacks outside the blind
pig on Twelfth and Clairmount helped to stimulate the spectators to action, there is little reason to accept
the agitator theory for the riot that followed. As Senator Philip Hart noted, agitators running up and down
the street in fashionable Grosse Pointe urging the residents to riot would have been ignored if not arrested.
Most explanations of the Detroit and other riots of the 1960s have taken the form of one or another
variant of the frustration-aggression model. “How,” a Michigan Chronicle reporter asked, “do you convey the
sense of frustration and alienation a rioter feels, the small sense of exhilaration and retribution that comes
with a hurled fi rebomb against whitey, to a person who has never been seriously thwarted in his life?” A black
male in the Twelfth Street riot area, seeking on July 24 to explain the riot to a reporter, provided a man-on-the
street version of this hypothesis. “Everybody’s full of tension right up to the top of their neck,” he declared. “It
grows and grows and then some damn fool throws a brick and away it goes on a grand scale.”22 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
Th e frustration-aggression hypothesis is a much disputed formulation since frustration does not neces-
sarily lead to aggressive behavior and aggression does not need to be preceded by frustration. Social scientists
applying the hypothesis to the riots have commonly phrased it in terms of deprivation. Blacks rioted, these
scholars have posited, because they were absolutely or relatively deprived or because their rising expecta-
tions were not being satisfi ed. Bryan T. Downes, an exponent of the absolute deprivation thesis, a thesis that
informed the approach of the Kerner Commission, thus contended that a civil disturbance might occur
when the social condition in a city reached “a particularly explosive point.” Employing regression analysis for
an analysis of disturbances in 673 cities between 1961 and 1968, Seymour Spilerman, however, concluded
that racial disorders were most likely to occur when the condition of life for blacks was “least oppressive
according to objective measures,” not most oppressive. Detroit riot arrestees, to be sure, were more deprived
in some respects than community blacks, but they were by no means at the bottom of the black community
in socioeconomic terms.
Relative deprivation, as applied to black rioters, refers to the discrepancy between their objective condi-
tion and an alternative state deemed desirable, specifi cally a white middle-class income. “Th e greater the
extent of discrepancy that men see between what they seek and what seems to be attainable,” Ted Gurr
has contended, “the greater their anger and consequent disposition to aggression.” Th ose blacks who were
“objectively advantaged” relative to other blacks might nevertheless have felt themselves “subjectively
deprived” compared to whites. Irving J. Rubin, director of Detroit’s Regional Transportation and Land Use
Study, thought that this theory helped to explain why Detroit, where blacks saw themselves as better off
than blacks in other cities, nevertheless experienced a major riot and also why the riot did not occur in the
city’s poorest black neighborhoods.
Although there is a certain plausibility to the relative deprivation explanation of riot participation, it
has proved diffi cult to sustain the thesis empirically with regard to the 1960s riots. In Newark, for example,
Nathan S. Caplan and Jeff rey M. Paige found that there was no diff erence between the self-reported rioters
and the noninvolved when asked whether they thought the gap in income between themselves and whites
was increasing. Also, in his investigation of the personal attributes and attitudes of rioters and various mea-
sures of riot participation, Clark McPhail found little to support the thesis that either absolute or relative
deprivation led individuals to become rioters.
According to the rising expectations theory, a version of the relative deprivation theory, an increase of
expectations, as the result of some but insuffi cient actual improvement will increase the level of tension
in aff ected individuals and lead to feelings of frustration. It was easy enough in the 1960s to apply this
argument to blacks who had improved their condition somewhat as the result of the civil rights movement
and had been led to expect further gains but had not, for the most part, received what they considered their
“fair share” and did not enjoy the advantages enjoyed by whites. “We’ve raised expectations,” Cavanagh
conceded after the riot, “but we haven’t been able to deliver all we should have.” It was not surprising,
following this kind of reasoning, that Detroit, where blacks had made greater progress than blacks elsewhere
but where they had been led to expect still greater advances, experienced the worst riot of all. “Detroit,” the
New York Times editorialized during the July riot, “may be viewed as a victim of its own limited success.” “As
people get a little help to get off the bottom,” the head of Detroit’s war on poverty declared in explanation
of the city’s riot, “they want more from life and they don’t want to wait.”
Th e Luby team believed that its arrestee data were consistent with the rising expectations theory. “It’s
not that things are so bad,” Luby and James Grisell asserted in summarizing the perspective of riot arrestees,
“it’s that things aren’t getting better as fast as they are for white people. And that hurts more than believingThe Meaning of Violence | 23
things can never get better.” Th e diffi culty with this speculation, however, is that arrestees in the Luby sample
did not, for the most part, diff er substantially from the control group of nonrioters in assessing the progress
they had made in the preceding fi ve years. In Newark, similarly, Caplan and Paige found no diff erence in the
response of self-reported rioters and the noninvolved when asked if their condition had improved, gotten
worse, or remained the same during the preceding few years.
Rejecting the applicability of the various deprivation theories, Caplan and Paige concluded that the
“blocked-opportunity” thesis best explained the 1960s riots. According to these two scholars, the riots
were the result of “the prolonged exclusion of Negroes from American economic and social life” because of
“white discrimination.” Th e blacks who rioted, Caplan and Paige maintained, were more sensitive to racial
discrimination and had experienced it more frequently than blacks who did not riot. Th ey pointed out that
their Newark data supported this position and that in both Newark and Detroit the self-reported rioters had
stronger feelings of racial pride and identity than the noninvolved and hence, presumably, were more sensi-
tive to racial discrimination. Th ere is no question that blacks in Detroit had suff ered from discrimination and
believed themselves, on the whole, excluded from the larger society. “Th ey are not a part of what is happen-
ing in the city,” Councilman Mel Ravitz replied when asked in 1968 why Detroit blacks had rioted. “I work in
Detroit [and] live in Detroit but I don’t Feel Free,” a riot-area black declared just after the disturbance. “Th ere
are so many places closed to me.” Blacks who felt this way were undoubtedly among the rioters, but the
data collected by the Luby team indicated that the riot arrestees, at least, did not believe themselves more
victimized by discrimination than blacks in the control group.
In addition to the riff raff and the various frustration-aggression theories, the so-called “contagion
theory” has been advanced to help explain the spread of rioting across the nation in the 1960s. One ver-
sion of this theory stresses “the immediate environmental forces acting upon an individual who by chance
happens to be near the action and is caught up in the spirit of the moment as the excitement spreads
contagiously through the crowd.” Another version is that television, by depicting the tactics of rioters and
the “gratifi cations” they derived from their actions, raised the tension level among some viewers, created a
sense of “black solidarity,” reduced the viewers’ inhibitions to participate in a riot in their own community,
and taught them, as it were, how to riot. “All you hear when you turn on the television set,” a seventeen-
year-old Detroit black girl said, “is riot, riot, riot.” Asked why the rioters were looting, a riot-area respondent
declared, “it goes with riots,” and a Detroit sniper told the FBI that he had learned from Newark that snipers
could strike at the police.
Eighty percent of 470 riot arrestees the Singer team interviewed reported that they had viewed riots on
television. Television, Singer and associates concluded, raised expectations in Detroit that a riot was likely to
occur in the city. “Each time they heard about one [riot] some place else,” a riot-area resident declared, “they
said Detroit would be next.” Another near west side resident remarked that there had been “too much news
on riots in Watts and Chicago about shooting and fi res so [Detroit rioters] did it too.”
Rioters in Detroit, it can be said in defense of the contagion theory, appeared anxious to compare what
they were doing with what had happened in other riots. Th e Detroit Free Press reported that riot arrestees
it had interviewed “could not divorce themselves from Watts and Newark.” “Man, it took them three days
in Watts to do as much damage as we did in eight hours,” a rioter told a Newsweek correspondent. Another
rioter asked a United Press correspondent, “Is this as bad as Newark?” Remarks of this sort, however, should
not lead one to make too much of the contagion theory. As David O. Sears and John B. McConahay pointed
out in their study of the Watts riot, if the theory were valid, “demographic and attitudinal factors” would not
be “strongly related” to riot participation, as the former factors, at the very least, appeared to be.24 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
Quite apart from the centrality assigned to television by the contagion theory, some Detroiters with
whom John Hersey spoke criticized television as “the agent provocateur of the black masses.” “Th e rebellion,”
Hersey quoted a Wayne State University student as saying, “it was all caused by television. I mean you saw
all those things you’d never been able to get—go out and get ’em.” Agreeing, the associate director of the
Neighborhood Service Organization asserted that mass communications had stimulated dissent by exhort-
ing people to acquire goods that they could not aff ord to buy. In Watts, to be sure, “scales of exposure” to
the media appeared to be unrelated to riot participation, but it is diffi cult to determine on the basis of the
available data whether the same generalization applies to Detroit.
None of the eff orts to relate participation in the riots of the 1960s to one or another explanatory model
for collective behavior has been fully successful. Th is, and the widespread character of the racial disturbances,
lead one back, in a sense, to the view of Howard Schuman and Barry Gruenberg that so many riots occurred
in that decade because all cities with a sizable black population were above a “riot threshold.” “What produces
riots,” T. M. Tomlinson thus stated, “is the shared agreement by most Negro Americans that their lot in life
is unacceptable, coupled with the view by a signifi cant minority that riots are a legitimate and productive
mode of protest.” Cavanagh essentially adopted this line of argument in explaining the Detroit riot, telling the
Kerner Commission that the disturbance in his city was but “one fl ame in ... a nationwide fi re.”
Given “the lot in life” of Detroit’s blacks and their legitimate grievances regarding education, housing,
jobs, and the police, as well as the general state of race relations in the city, there was certainly a good deal
of combustible material lying around in Detroit that could be ignited. Th e hard question is whether it was
inevitable that some spark would ignite the tinder, as the raid on the blind pig actually did. We cannot, of
course, recreate the Detroit of the second half of the 1960s with the blind pig raid left out and then await the
occurrence or nonoccurrence of another triggering event to answer that question. But even if we could, that
would still leave unexplained why some blacks rioted and more did not and why some cities experienced
major riots, some very minor ones, and some no riots at all. To assume the inevitability of the Detroit riot
is to negate the uniqueness of historical events and to ignore the role that chance so often plays in history.
Th e importance assigned to television in some eff orts to explain the 1960s riots raises the question of
the role of the media in reporting the Detroit riot. Although Cavanagh told the Kerner Commission that he
did not believe the media had contributed to “the extension of the disorder,” he reported that Ron Hewitt,
a Neighborhood Conservation offi cial who had been on Twelfth Street during the riot’s fi rst day, had seen
cameramen “sort of incense the people as if they were trying to get certain responses from the crowd,”
like throwing bottles, “in order to get a certain kind of picture.” Hubert Locke maintained that newsmen
monitored police calls and, unaware that many of them were inaccurate, ended up reporting incidents that
had not occurred. False rumors were also broadcast that added to the fear engendered by blaring headlines
about looting, burning, sniping, and alleged guerrilla warfare.
Drawing on 36,608 feet of fi lm compiled by nine newsreel crews that covered the riot on a twenty-four-
hour basis, WWJ-TV in Detroit presented a ninety-minute special on July 30 that portrayed the riot as “a
chaotic and irrational collection of fi res, crime and blind anger.” Th e same station ran pictures of the funerals
of two law enforcement offi cers but none of the funerals of blacks slain in the riot. Th e Detroit News off ered
rewards on August 2 for information concerning the death of four riot victims, all of them white. Its defense
regarding this latter matter was that all the slayings of blacks had been solved by that time!
After studying the media treatment of riots in Detroit, Cincinnati, New Haven, Phoenix, and Tampa,
Robert E. Smith concluded that the Detroit Free Press had provided “the most balanced riot coverage.” Its
riot coverage won the newspaper a Pulitzer prize in 1968 for “local general reporting.”The Meaning of Violence | 25
In the riot areas of Detroit, 49 percent of the black respondents thought that television stations had
reported the riot “fairly,” as compared to 39 percent who thought the opposite. In the city as a whole,
according to the Campbell-Schuman survey, 55 percent of the black respondents agreed that television and
the newspapers had reported the riot fairly, whereas 33 percent regarded the coverage as unfair. Th e principal
complaint of blacks who thought the media treatment unfair was the failure to report white participation.
Although some Detroit blacks claimed that the media had failed to expose police brutality in the riot, this
was a more common complaint of blacks in other riot cities than in Detroit.
Whatever the quality of the riot coverage by the Detroit media, it was more restrained than accounts by
the media outside the city, which generally portrayed Detroit as “a city in ashes.” Overseas also, the media
were inclined to play up the devastation in Detroit. Robert Roselle recalled that an Englishman, persuaded
by the BBC that Detroit was burning to the ground, phoned him from London to inquire about the safety
of his relatives. Soviet citizens were told that American soldiers were “murdering” blacks on the streets of
Detroit.
Th e available evidence for the riot appears to sustain the view of social scientists and others that the
disturbance was “a spontaneous form of protest,” a “signaling device” to those in power that concessions
must be made. One rioter put the point succinctly: “You wouldn’t pay attention to us before; now you will
be forced to.” At the outset of the riot, militants went through the crowd saying, “Th ink the man will get the
message now.” Th e destruction was terrible in the view of many among the Luby sample of arrestees, but
they thought that “it got the message across.”
Survey data confi rm the view of the riot as protest. Asked directly whether the riot should be seen as
“a Negro protest,” 60 percent of the Luby arrestee sample responded in the affi rmative. Surveys of riot-area
residents and of city blacks also indicate their belief that the rioters were protesting unjust conditions and
“calling attention to their needs.”
One of the “needs” rioters appear to have had in mind was to be treated like human beings by the white
community. “Th ey have to stop treating us like things and start treating us like people,” declared the public
relations director of the West Central Organization. When asked what she wanted from whites, a looter
answered, “respect.” Another looter told an interviewer that he was seeking “respect as a man, as a fi rst-class
citizen.”
Some students of the 1960s riots and some members of the Kerner Commission staff thought that the
disturbances not only constituted a protest against existing conditions but also “a concerted attempt to
achieve political objectives that had not been gained through other means.” What the riots entailed, David
Boesel thus contended, was “the breaking of white control over black territory and the autonomous exercise
of power over that territory by the black masses themselves.” Th e evidence for this was the young black
shouting at the police during the riot, “Get off this street, motherfuckers, it belongs to us!” More important,
according to Joe Feagin and Harlan Hahn, was the fact that 75 percent of the adult black respondents on
Twelfth Street in a postriot survey indicated that they expected to have more say about their neighborhood
as the result of the riot and 50 percent thought that they would have more power.
It appears that those who thought the Detroit riot had a political dimension, that it was aimed at restruc-
turing political power since other means had failed, were reading too much into the event. Black radicals,
to be sure, seized on the riot to call for self-determination for blacks, and it is possible, although by no
means certain, that that is what Twelfth Street blacks meant by having more say over their neighborhoods.
When, however, community blacks, three-quarters of whom resided in the disturbance areas, were asked in
the Luby survey about the “way to prevent future riots,” only 1 percent on the basis of fi rst mentions and26 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
2 percent on the basis of three mentions gave “Negro power” as their answer. In the Campbell-Schuman
survey, only 3 percent of the city’s black respondents selected “self-determination” as the best way for blacks
to gain their rights. What blacks in the riot areas and in Detroit at large said after the riot does not, of course,
necessarily tell us what the rioters had in mind in taking to the streets. Th ere is, however, little in the arrestee
data to suggest that they intended anything more than to protest the conditions under which they lived,
to secure, somehow, a redress of grievances, and to be treated with respect. Th e rioters, after all, made no
demands whatsoever, nor did they seek to negotiate with city offi cials. It is certainly possible to construe the
riot as “the conduct of politics by other means,” as an “unruly” means of expressing one’s views outside the
electoral process, but if so, the politics being conducted was more inarticulate than articulate.
One of the many diffi cult questions to answer regarding the Detroit riot is whether it was entirely spon-
taneous in character. Although there is every reason to believe that the disturbance, like the other riots in
1967, was entirely unplanned in its origin, there has been a good deal of speculation that the spread and
continuation of the disorder owed something, at least, to organization.
In a series of articles beginning on August 6, 1967, the black journalist Louis Lomax claimed that a “highly
organized and well-trained” group of “revolutionaries,” largely from outside Detroit, had operated within
the city for more than a month before July 23, 1967, laying the groundwork for a riot. According to Lomax, a
small number of young blacks, acting as representatives of a New Jersey publishing company, went through
black areas off ering to sell a range of black magazines to residents. Once admitted to a home, they allegedly
preached “Black Power,” asked about the community and why it permitted “whitey, particularly the Jews,” to
run the stores in the neighborhood, and sought to learn who in the neighborhood wanted the stores burned
down. Th e battle plan of “Operation Detroit,” as Lomax described it, was to “remain as obscure as possible
until the police-ghetto dynamics provided the proper setting for ... ‘the revolution.’ “
According to Lomax, after the initial “normal breaking-and-looting scene,” “professionals moved in”
and directed the riot. Th ey went down Twelfth Street smashing windows with hammers and crowbars and
shouting, “Come on baby, help yourself.” Another squad of revolutionaries, Lomax claimed, raced down
the street several blocks away urging people to go to Twelfth and Clairmount since the police were permit-
ting looting. One of these “professionals,” spotting Dewey Shanks, a Detroit poverty-agency worker, said to
Shanks that he had not seen the Detroiter since the Newark riot. Shanks had not been in Newark, Lomax
noted, but the “professional” obviously had been.
Lomax contended that although some snipers did it for “kicks,” “the hard core of sniper activity was
organized.” Th e organized snipers, he claimed, were “Detroit’s own sons—Black Power advocates ... trained
in guerilla warfare.” By Tuesday, according to Lomax, “the professionals had taken over,” and Detroit “had
fallen.” By Wednesday, the professionals had left the city.
One point of the Lomax story can be confi rmed: the reported exchange between a rioter and Dewey
Shanks did indeed occur. Th e rest of the Lomax story, however, is suspect. Neither the Police Department,
following a thorough investigation of the Lomax account, nor the FBI was able to corroborate the journalist’s
charges. Th e FBI discovered that a sales group from the Publishers Marketing Corporation of New Jersey and
its Publix Circulation Service had been in Detroit for a couple of weeks before the riot, but the crew manager
and company offi cials in New Jersey denied the Lomax story of the salesmen’s behavior, and the FBI found
no reason to dispute their denials.
Th e Lomax articles found little support among well-informed people in Detroit, including the head of
the Field Division of the Commission on Community Relations (CCR). Th e Detroit Free Press’s Gene Goltz
told a Kerner Commission interviewer that knowledgeable blacks and whites in Detroit thought Lomax wasThe Meaning of Violence | 27
“full of shit.” Th e managing editor of the Michigan Chronicle at the time later stated that Lomax had gathered
his information from a desk in the offi ces of the Chronicle, had done little investigating on his own, and had
invented much of what he reported.
Another version of a riot that was organized was provided to the Kerner Commission by Anthony P.
Loccricio and eventually became the core of an NBC documentary. Loccricio had studied at St. John’s
Seminary in Plymouth, Michigan, been an attorney, school teacher, and social worker, done defense work
for ghetto residents, headed up a day-camp project as part of the Archdiocesan Opportunity Program,
joined the staff of Mayor Cavanagh toward the end of the riot, and was a consultant for the NBC program
of September 15, 1967, “Summer ’67: What We Learned.” He claimed that he had begun to hear from his
contacts with blacks that there would be a “small riot” in Detroit in the summer of 1967 aimed at uniting the
diverse elements in the black community and that there would then be a larger riot in the summer of 1968.
Th e blind pig raid, he reported, had not been part of the plan, but shortly thereafter, as he told the story,
“organized groups” pulled up in cars at stores in diff erent parts of the Twelfth Street area, broke windows,
and said, “Let’s get a piece of whitey,” which led to further window breaking and also looting. Two hours later
the same cars returned, and the same occupants passed the word that the police were on their way and
urged that the stores be torched. Th is pattern, according to Loccricio, was followed in at least three diff erent
locations in the disturbance areas.
Loccricio claimed that “key sources” had told him that during the fi rst morning of the riot fi fty to
seventy-fi ve militants and “extremists” attended a meeting run by a man and a woman—he eventually
named them—at which “separate arson teams” were told to set fi res in a prescribed pattern along Twelfth
Street, Linwood, Livernois, and Grand River, a pattern that corresponded with a graph of riot fi res later pre-
pared by the Detroit Fire Department. Th ose at the meeting, according to Loccricio, were given a Kercheval
address where, later that day, two white men and a white woman handed out rifl es to rioters, who took to
the rooftops and shot to kill. Th e organizers, according to the NBC program, had not anticipated that the
destruction that began on July 23 would “take off like that.”
On the basis of information provided by “several informants,” one of whom must have been Loccricio,
Walter Sheridan of NBC, who had worked in Detroit for a month preparing for the September 15 NBC
program, provided John Doar with additional details concerning the alleged organization of the riot.
According to Sheridan, an unidentifi ed group of black militants, in preparation for the riot, had rented ten
apartments, including one just off Twelfth and Taylor, where they stored gasoline drums, rags, and a few
guns. Th ese apartments were supposed to be burned once the riot began—the one on Twelfth Street was.
When the disturbance seemed to be lagging following the blind pig arrests, some of the “group,” Sheridan
reported, broke into two clothing stores and two loan companies, seizing guns in one of the latter that they
distributed to rioters. Most of the rest of the Sheridan account appears to have come from Loccricio. Doar
relayed the substance of Sheridan’s story to the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover later informing the White House that
the information was based on “faceless informants and anonymous sources,” was not subject to verifi cation,
and some of it was certainly false.
Loccricio refused to reveal the names of his sources or to testify under oath. Neither the head of the
CCR’s Field Division nor Conrad Mallett believed Loccricio’s story, and Deputy Superintendent John Nichols
later stated that the story was “not accurate.” Th e NBC program, in particular, came under sharp attack
in Detroit. Although NBC stated that it had confi rmed what the witnesses it presented claimed they had
done in Detroit, an ex-convict who had been arrested for looting and who had allegedly been working with
Greensleeves and been present at the July 23 meetings described by Loccricio declared that he had lied on28 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
camera and had been coached as to what to say. Loccricio and NBC responded that the recanting witness
was not, as he had claimed, one of the two principal informants who had been fi lmed for the program in
“protected darkness,” whose voices had been distorted, and one of whom had been shot after giving his
interview. Cavanagh reported that it had proved impossible on the basis of information available to the
police and other sources to corroborate the program’s allegations.
Th e Loccricio story remains uncorroborated, but there are numerous, less elaborate accounts of at least
some degree of instigation and organization in the spread of the riot. Th ere were many rumors and reports
during the fi rst four days of the riot, for example, about automobiles with out-of-town licenses in the riot
areas, cars fi lled with black passengers and guns on their way to Detroit, and “strangers” and black power
representatives from outside the city who “tried to encourage” the riot once it began. Th e FBI, after check-
ing with, fi fty-seven diff erent agencies, found nothing to substantiate stories and rumors of this sort, and
Girardin and Kerner Commission investigators agreed.
Some observers and many riot-area residents detected what they believed were organization and “pat-
terns” in the looting, burning, and sniping that occurred. “Th e streets were organized despite offi cial denials,”
declared a black Newsweek reporter. “We’re as organized as the Viet Cong, baby,” a young rioter declared. A
former president of the Catholic Interracial Council, Charles Peck, who was in the west side riot area during
the early hours of July 24, thought that the disturbance “seemed to move in phases,” from Twelfth Street, to
Dexter, to Linwood, to Grand River. “Th ere were certain cars and certain groups,” he observed, “who seemed
to be initiating the breaking in, stirring up things before the looters arrived, starting the violent action.” Peck
saw the same cars, moreover, on Twelfth Street and the other locations noted. He thought that “there was a
pattern” to all this, but he “lost” the pattern as the rioting continued.
Reporters, city offi cials, merchants, police offi cials, riot-area residents, and a Kerner Commission staff er
concluded that the looting was directed and organized, at least to some extent. According to a Detroit News
reporter, youths aged seventeen to nineteen did the window breaking, and after an establishment had been
looted, “a special ‘match man’” set the store on fi re. “And they seemed to know just where to head next,”
the reporter noted. Locke described an almost identical pattern of window breaking, looting, and burning.
Juvenile Court Judge James Lincoln recalled that a Juvenile Court black probation offi cer saw two black men
and a white woman with walkie-talkies directing window breaking on Twelfth Street, heard them say that
they would do the same farther out on the same street, and discovered when he drove there that this was
not idle talk. Stephen Slingsby, a California political scientist who witnessed the looting, noted that small
boys carried lists of goods on which they checked off items as they were looted.
When Councilman Nicholas Hood came down Linwood at about 1:00 p.m. on July 23, he discovered that
the street was blocked with railroad ties, apparently placed there to prevent police from driving into the
street to check the looting. Since there was no railroad within miles, Hood presumed that this indicated
some kind of planning. Proceeding to Twelfth Street, he saw a male with a walkie-talkie “communicating”
with some looters. “Little things like that,” Hood said later, “made you wonder just what was going on.” An
82d Airborne captain reported that looters on the east side operated in small bands, with one member serv-
ing as a lookout and using a walkie-talkie to warn the others of the approach of law enforcement offi cers.
Although police offi cials saw no pattern in the fi rebombings, George Romney told the Kerner Commission
that the pattern of fi res was not “accidental.” Th e Detroit Fire Department, the Michigan State Police, the
executive director of Wayne County Suburban Legal Services, and Detroit’s former police commissioner,
George Edwards, agreed. Edwards thought that the pattern of fi res, one-eighth to one-quarter of a mile
apart in a straight line down main thoroughfares, the selection of targets, and the fact that it took someThe Meaning of Violence | 29
premeditation to prepare Molotov cocktails indicated that the fi rebombing, at least to some degree, was
“planned and organized.” It was “the pattern of fi rebombing,” Edwards asserted, that “turned a local riot into
a city-wide confl agration.”
Romney told Attorney General Ramsey Clark on July 24 that the police were picking up on short-wave
radio conversation by “a bunch of young hoodlums” about “keeping the fi res going” in the city. A black
businessman who lived one block away from the main riot area and was listening on his walkie-talkie pro-
vided a Senate subcommittee with an affi davit stating that he had overheard walkie-talkie conversation
on July 23 and 24 that included a command to burn a drugstore and another business establishment and
talk of spreading the disorder to the east side before that had actually occurred. “Some of the burning was
planned,” Richard Henry told Garry Wills, “in fact, a lot of it was.”
After interviewing the prisoners arrested as alleged snipers, the FBI concluded that the sniping was not
organized and did not involve either “hate or subversive groups.” Since those arrested for sniping, however,
were not necessarily snipers and since, in talking to the FBI, they probably would have concealed their orga-
nizational affi liation, if any, and their role in the riot had they been snipers, the FBI’s evaluation of the matter
is hardly persuasive.
In contrast with the FBI, a “top law enforcement offi cer” with the Detroit Police Department concluded,
according to a Detroit News report, that the sniping was “very well organized” and was “part of the network
of the Black Power movement.” “Th ese people have some kind of communication,” the source noted, one
of several allegations of the use of citizens band or two-way radios to direct sniping. Locke thought that
the widely scattered sniping at the same time on July 24 and 25, coupled with reports of a communications
system, suggested organization although not necessarily prior planning, and others talked about a “pat-
tern of sniping” or a “very loose” or “informal” organization of snipers that functioned in some instances.
Assertions of this sort, however, were based almost entirely on inference rather than real proof and cannot
be accepted as fact.
Toward the end of the riot Detroit Free Press reporter Gene Goltz met with two young “snipers,” Eddie
and Frank, who described their role in the riot. Highball in hand, a short-wave radio at his feet on which
Frank and he could hear police calls—Girardin confi rmed that the police radio system had been monitored
during the riot—Eddie claimed that he had been shooting at police and fi remen all week. He referred also
to a group of six “shooters” who had sniped from rooftops for two and one-half days while consuming
twenty-four pints of liquor. Th e two youths alleged that out-of-towners had brought guns and ammunition
into the city for the use of the snipers and that the rioters had secured additional weapons by looting gun
shops and pawnshops. Th e purpose of the riot, Eddie said, was “to burn every Whitey store to the ground,”
and the role of the snipers was to prevent policemen and fi remen from interfering with that goal. At fi rst,
Goltz thought that what he had heard was “just bragging and puffi ng up,” but information he later received
left him uncertain as to the credibility of Eddie and Frank.
Since Detroit was a major center of black militancy and black nationalism, there has been considerable
speculation as to the possible role of black militants and extremists in the riot. George Edwards contended
that although black power activists had not planned the riot, they moved in once it had begun and intensi-
fi ed it. An anonymous source wrote June Garner of the Michigan Chronicle that once the riot began, “certain
groups had very special things to do.” According to this source, “Do-Rag Brothers,” young nationalists
organized into gangs, allegedly led the looting, Revolutionary Action Movement (RAM) members were
responsible for the “systematic burning,” and the snipers were supposedly RAM members and white “gun-
nuts.” Newsweek’s John Dotson reported that hard-core black nationalists, including RAM members, were30 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
among the snipers, and many years later, Edward Vaughn, who was in a position to know, alleged that some
of the “brothers” in RAM had joined in the sniping. Th e Police Department, the Michigan State Police, and
the FBI all concluded, however, that there was no RAM participation in the riot. Th e FBI, indeed, had no
information to indicate that any black power group “took over and directed the riot.”
On July 25 a black male attempted to buy potassium chlorate in a Flint drugstore. Since the Flint Police,
because of the rioting in the state, had requested businesses in the city not to sell infl ammable liquids, the
druggist refused to make the sale. Th e customer then sought in vain to purchase ammonium dichromate,
another chemical that could be used to make Molotov cocktails. Th e druggist copied the license number of
the Cadillac in which the frustrated purchaser departed, and its owner turned out to be Milton Henry. Th e
State Police placed Henry under surveillance and tried to develop a case against him for “conspiracy to incite
[a] riot” or for violating the state’s anarchy law. It failed in this eff ort, nor was any law enforcement agency
able to develop a case of this sort against any of Detroit’s prominent black militants. Th e Detroit police, as a
matter of fact, had placed most of the known black militants in the city under surveillance immediately after
the riot began and discovered that they were not leaders of the disturbance.
Many of Detroit’s black militant leaders had attended the Black Power Conference in Newark, which
ended on July 22, and did not return to Detroit until July 23. After spending an evening with Kenneth Cockrell
and other black power advocates, the journalist Saul Friedman concluded that they had been caught “en-
tirely unprepared” by the riot. “Th ey appeared bewildered and disorganized,” Friedman reported, “and were
asking themselves where they could have gone wrong, that they were not able to make use of the riot
situation.” Several black extremists told Friedman during the riot that the leadership in the disturbance had
not come from the “brothers” in RAM, Forum 66, the Malcolm X Society, the Northern Student Movement,
or the Inner City Organizing Committee but rather from young blacks who hung around the corners, the
poolrooms, and the barber shops. Locke agreed, telling the Kerner Commission that the “real leaders” in the
riot were inconspicuous individuals who did not emerge as an “active force” until the riot’s fourth day.
When asked whether the riot had been “planned in advance,” 26 percent of the male and 54 percent
of the female arrestees in the Luby sample answered in the affi rmative. Among adult blacks on Twelfth
Street in another postriot survey, 37 percent thought that “the people who started the trouble were mainly
organized,” and about one-third thought that the arsonists and snipers “knew each other.” In the Campbell-
Schuman survey, 60 percent of the Detroit black respondents thought that the riot involved at least some
planning.
No law enforcement agency agreed with survey respondents who thought the riot was, at least in some
degree, a planned event. President Johnson pressed the FBI to search for a conspiracy that explained the
riot’s origin, but the Bureau was unable to fi nd any such thing. Although the assistant army chief of staff for
intelligence, Major General William Yarbrough, fi rmly believed that the rioters in Detroit and elsewhere were
“tied in with each other,” that “they were trained in Havana or Peking or some damned place,” army intel-
ligence concluded that there was no “overall direction” of the rioting. Army intelligence, however, as well as
the Kerner Commission fi eld team that studied Detroit, the Michigan State Police, the Michigan Commission
on Crime, Delinquency, and Criminal Administration, Ray Girardin, and John Nichols all believed that there
was some “organized element” in the streets that sustained the riot once it had begun.
Despite widespread agreement that the intensifi cation and prolongation of the riot following the trigger-
ing incident were not entirely spontaneous, hard evidence is lacking to support this judgment. If there was
any organized eff ort to spread the riot, it was of a “rudimentary” sort, developed on the street and involving
small groups of looters, arsonists, and snipers acting independently of one another or possibly respondingThe Meaning of Violence | 31
to an informal leadership. It is fairly safe to say that there was no mastermind, no “riot central” directing the
fl ow of events as rioters surged through the streets looting and burning and occasionally sniping. As Cleage
said, the riot was “a monster without a head.”
What emerges from the welter of data concerning the Detroit riot and the Detroit rioters is that, although
less aggrieved than blacks in other big cities, Detroit blacks were suffi ciently discontented with their lot so
that, given the racial climate of the 1960s and what had already occurred in places like Watts and Newark, a
particular kind of incident, especially one involving the police, could trigger a riot. Th e incident that actually
led to the riot was the product, to a large degree, of a series of chance factors, which does not exclude the
possibility that some other event might have had the same result.
Th ose who rioted were not riff raff , but neither were they the cream of the crop among blacks in the city.
A minority among them were militants and particularly resentful of the treatment they had received from
the police, employers, and merchants. Although the rest were drawn into the riot for a variety of reasons,
one cannot ignore the opportunity that police restraint presented at the riot’s outset or the contagious
eff ect of the rioting once it got underway. No single explanatory model of collective behavior, in any event,
accounts for the fact that while some blacks rioted, the overwhelming majority did not.
Th e riot is best seen as a form of protest designed to call attention to the condition of blacks, but it does
not appear to have been aimed at restructuring political power in the city. It enjoyed less support in Detroit’s
black community than riots did among blacks in other cities that had experienced major civil disorders.
Detroit’s blacks also appear to have been more pessimistic about what the event portended for their future
than blacks in other cities about the consequences of riots in their communities. Some reactions of Detroit
blacks may have been the result of a continuing belief that Detroit, for all its faults, was still a better place
than most for blacks to live. Some reactions were probably a byproduct of the damaging character of the
Detroit riot, the nation’s most severe.""",
"""Th e evolutionary biologist Th eodosius Dobzhansky once said, “All species are unique, but humans are uni-
quest.” Humans have long taken pride in their specialness. But the study of other primates is rendering the
concept of such human exceptionalism increasingly suspect.
Some of the retrenchment has been relatively palatable, such as with the workings of our bodies. Th us
we now know that a baboon heart can be transplanted into a human body and work for a few weeks, and
human blood types are coded in Rh factors named after the rhesus monkeys that possess similar blood
variability.
More discomfi ting is the continuum that has been demonstrated in the realm of cognition. We now know,
for example, that other species invent tools and use them with dexterity and local cultural variation. Other
primates display “semanticity” (the use of symbols to refer to objects and actions) in their communication
in ways that would impress any linguist. And experiments have shown other primates to possess a “theory of
mind,” that is, the ability to recognize that diff erent individuals can have diff erent thoughts and knowledge.
Our purported uniqueness has been challenged most, however, with regard to our social life. Like the
occasional human hermit, there are a few primates that are typically asocial (such as the orangutan). Apart
from those, however, it turns out that one cannot understand a primate in isolation from its social group.
Across the 150 or so species of primates, the larger the average social group, the larger the cortex relative
to the rest of the brain. Th e fanciest part of the primate brain, in other words, seems to have been sculpted
by evolution to enable us to gossip and groom, cooperate and cheat, and obsess about who is mating with
whom. Humans, in short, are yet another primate with an intense and rich social life—a fact that raises the
question of whether primatology can teach us something about a rather important part of human sociality,
war and peace.
It used to be thought that humans were the only savagely violent primate. “We are the only species that
kills its own,” one might have heard intoned portentously at the end of nature fi lms several decades ago. Th at
view fell by the wayside in the 1960s as it became clear that some other primates kill their fellows aplenty.
Males kill; females kill. Some kill one another’s infants with cold-blooded stratagems worthy of Richard III.
Some use their toolmaking skills to fashion bigger and better cudgels. Some other primates even engage in
what can only be called warfare—organized, proactive group violence directed at other populations.
As fi eld studies of primates expanded, what became most striking was the variation in social practices
across species. Yes, some primate species have lives fi lled with violence, frequent and varied. But life among
others is fi lled with communitarianism, egalitarianism, and cooperative child rearing.
Patterns emerged. In less aggressive species, such as gibbons or marmosets, groups tend to live in lush
rain forests where food is plentiful and life is easy. Females and males tend to be the same size, and the males
lack secondary sexual markers such as long, sharp canines or garish coloring. Couples mate for life, and
males help substantially with child care. In violent species, on the other hand, such as baboons and rhesus
monkeys, the opposite conditions prevail.
Th e most disquieting fact about the violent species was the apparent inevitability of their behavior.
Certain species seemed simply to be the way they were, fi xed products of the interplay of evolution and
ecology, and that was that. And although human males might not be infl exibly polygamous or come with
bright red butts and six-inch canines designed for tooth-to-tooth combat, it was clear that our species
had at least as much in common with the violent primates as with the gentle ones. “In their nature” thus
became “in our nature.” Th is was the humans-as-killer-apes theory popularized by the writer Robert Ardrey,A Natural History of Peace | 47
according to which humans have as much chance of becoming intrinsically peaceful as they have of growing
prehensile tails.
Th at view always had little more scientifi c rigor than a Planet of the Apes movie, but it took a great deal of
fi eld research to fi gure out just what should supplant it. After decades’ more work, the picture has become
quite interesting. Some primate species, it turns out, are indeed simply violent or peaceful, with their behav-
ior driven by their social structures and ecological settings. More important, however, some primate species
can make peace despite violent traits that seem built into their natures. Th e challenge now is to fi gure out
under what conditions that can happen, and whether humans can manage the trick themselves.
P AX B ONOBO
Primatology has long been dominated by studies of the chimpanzee, due in large part to the phenomenally
infl uential research of Jane Goodall, whose fi ndings from her decades of observations in the wild have been
widely disseminated. National Geographic specials based on Goodall’s work would always include the re-
minder that chimps are our closest relatives, a notion underlined by the fact that we share an astonishing
98 percent of our dna with them. And Goodall and other chimp researchers have carefully documented
an endless stream of murders, cannibalism, and organized group violence among their subjects. Humans’
evolutionary fate thus seemed sealed, smeared by the excesses of these fi rst cousins.
But all along there has been another chimp species, one traditionally ignored because of its small numbers;
its habitat in remote, impenetrable rain forests; and the fact that its early chroniclers published in Japanese.
Th ese skinny little creatures were originally called “pygmy chimps” and were thought of as uninteresting,
some sort of regressed subspecies of the real thing. Now known as bonobos, they are today recognized as a
separate and distinct species that taxonomically and genetically is just as closely related to humans as the
standard chimp. And boy, is this ever a diff erent ape.
Male bonobos are not particularly aggressive and lack the massive musculature typical of species that
engage in a lot of fi ghting (such as the standard chimp). Moreover, the bonobo social system is female
dominated, food is often shared, and there are well-developed means for reconciling social tensions. And
then there is the sex.
Bonobo sex is the prurient highlight of primatology conferences, and leads parents to shield their chil-
dren’s eyes when watching nature fi lms. Bonobos have sex in every conceivable position and some seemingly
inconceivable ones, in pairs and groups, between genders and within genders, to greet each other and to
resolve confl icts, to work off steam after a predator scare, to celebrate fi nding food or to cajole its sharing, or
just because. As the sound bite has it, chimps are from Mars and bonobos are from Venus.
All is not perfect in the bonobo commune, and they still have hierarchies and confl ict (why else invent
confl ict resolution?). Nonetheless, they are currently among the trendiest of species to analyze, a wonderful
antidote to their hard-boiled relatives. Th e trouble is, while we have a pretty good sense of what bonobos are
like, we have little insight into how they got that way. Furthermore, this is basically what all bonobos seem to
be like—a classic case of in-their-nature-ness. Th ere is even recent evidence for a genetic component to the
phenomenon, in that bonobos (but not chimps) possess a version of a gene that makes affi liative behavior
(behavior that promotes group cohesion) more pleasurable to males. So—a wondrous species (and one,
predictably, teetering on the edge of extinction). But besides being useful for taking the wind out of we-be-
chimps fatalists, the bonobo has little to say to us. We are not bonobos, and never can be.48 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
W ARRIORS , C OME O UT TO P LAY
In contrast to the social life of bonobos, the social life of chimps is not pretty. Nor is that of rhesus monkeys,
nor savanna baboons—a species found in groups of 50 to 100 in the African grasslands and one I have
studied for close to 30 years. Hierarchies among baboons are strict, as are their consequences. Among males,
high rank is typically achieved by a series of successful violent challenges. Spoils, such as meat, are unevenly
divided. Most males die of the consequences of violence, and roughly half of their aggression is directed at
third parties (some high-ranking male in a bad mood takes it out on an innocent bystander, such as a female
or a subordinate male).
Male baboons, moreover, can fi ght amazingly dirty. I saw this happen a few years ago in one of the
troops I study: Two males had fought, and one, having been badly trounced, assumed a crouching stance,
with his rear end up in the air. Th is is universally recognized among savanna baboons as an abject gesture of
subordination, signaling an end to the confl ict, and the conventional response on the part of the victorious
male is to subject the other to a ritualized gesture of dominance (such as mounting him). In this instance,
however, the winner, approaching the loser as if to mount him, instead abruptly gave him a deep slash with
his canines.
A baboon group, in short, is an unlikely breeding ground for pacifi sts. Nevertheless, there are some
interesting exceptions. In recent years, for example, it has been recognized that a certain traditional style
of chest-thumping evolutionary thinking is wrong. According to the standard logic, males compete with
one another aggressively in order to achieve and maintain a high rank, which will in turn enable them to
dominate reproduction and thus maximize the number of copies of their genes that are passed on to the
next generation. But although aggression among baboons does indeed have something to do with attaining
a high rank, it turns out to have virtually nothing to do with maintaining it. Dominant males rarely are
particularly aggressive, and those that are typically are on their way out: the ones that need to use it are
often about to lose it. Instead, maintaining dominance requires social intelligence and impulse control—the
ability to form prudent coalitions, show some tolerance of subordinates, and ignore most provocations.
Recent work, moreover, has demonstrated that females have something to say about which males get to
pass on their genes. Th e traditional view was based on a “linear access” model of reproduction: if one female
is in heat, the alpha male gets to mate with her; if two are in heat, the alpha male and the second-ranking
male get their opportunity; and so on. Yet we now know that female baboons are pretty good at getting
away from even champions of male-male competition if they want to and can sneak off instead with another
male they actually desire. And who would that be? Typically, it is a male that has followed a diff erent strategy
of building affi liative relations with the female—grooming her a lot, helping to take care of her kids, not
beating her up. Th ese nice-guy males seem to pass on at least as many copies of their genes as their more
aggressive peers, not least because they can go like this for years, without the life-shortening burnout and
injuries of the gladiators.
And so the crude picture of combat as the sole path to evolutionary success is wrong. Th e average male
baboon does opt for the combative route, but there are important phases of his life when aggression is less
important than social intelligence and restraint, and there are evolutionarily fruitful alternative courses of
action.
Even within the bare-knuckle world of male-male aggression, we are now recognizing some surprising
outposts of primate civility. For one thing, primates can make up after a fi ght. Such reconciliation was fi rst
described by Frans de Waal, of Emory University, in the early 1980s; it has now been observed in some 27A Natural History of Peace | 49
diff erent species of primates, including male chimps, and it works as it is supposed to, reducing the odds
of further aggression between the two ex-combatants. And various primates, including male baboons, will
sometimes cooperate, for example by supporting one another in a fi ght. Coalitions can involve reciprocity
and even induce what appears to be a sense of justice or fairness. In a remarkable study by de Waal and one
of his students, capuchin monkeys were housed in adjacent cages. A monkey could obtain food on its own
(by pulling a tray of food toward its cage) or with help from a neighbor (by pulling a heavier tray together);
in the latter case, only one of the monkeys was given access to the food in question. Th e monkeys that
collaborated proved more likely to share it with their neighbor.
Even more striking are lifelong patterns of cooperation among some male chimps, such as those that
form bands of brothers. Among certain primate species, all the members of one gender will leave their home
troop around puberty, thus avoiding the possibility of genetically deleterious inbreeding. Among chimps,
the females leave home, and as a result, male chimps typically spend their lives in the company of close
male relatives. Animal behaviorists steeped in game theory spend careers trying to fi gure out how reciprocal
cooperation gets started among nonrelatives, but it is clear that stable reciprocity among relatives emerges
readily.
Th us, even the violent primates engage in reconciliation and cooperation—but only up to a point.
For starters, as noted in regard to the bonobo, there would be nothing to reconcile without violence and
confl ict in the fi rst place. Furthermore, reconciliation is not universal: female savanna baboons are good at
it, for example, but males are not. Most important, even among species and genders that do reconcile, it is
not an indiscriminate phenomenon: individuals are more likely to reconcile with those who can be useful
to them. Th is was demonstrated in a brilliant study by Marina Cords, of Columbia University, in which the
value of some relationships among a type of macaque monkey was artifi cially raised. Animals were again
caged next to each other under conditions in which they could obtain food by themselves or through
cooperation, and those pairs that developed the capacity for cooperation were three times as likely to
reconcile after induced aggression as noncooperators. Tension-reducing reconciliation, in other words, is
most likely to occur among animals who already are in the habit of cooperating and have an incentive to
keep doing so.
Some defl ating points emerge from the studies of cooperation as well, such as the fact that coalitions are
notoriously unstable. In one troop of baboons I studied in the early 1980s, male-male coalitions lasted less
than two days on average before collapsing, and most cases of such collapse involved one partner failing
to reciprocate or, even more dramatically, defecting to the other side during a fi ght. Finally, and most dis-
couraging, is the use to which most coalitions are put. In theory, cooperation could trump individualism in
order to, say, improve food gathering or defend against predators. In practice, two baboons that cooperate
typically do so in order to make a third miserable.
Goodall was the fi rst to report the profoundly disquieting fact that bands of related male chimps carry
out cooperative “border patrols”—searching along the geographic boundary separating their group from
another and attacking neighboring males they encounter, even to the point of killing other groups off entirely.
In-group cooperation can thus usher in not peace and tranquility, but rather more effi cient extermination.
So primate species with some of the most aggressive and stratifi ed social systems have been seen to
cooperate and resolve confl icts—but not consistently, not necessarily for benign purposes, and not in a
cumulative way that could lead to some fundamentally non-Hobbesian social outcomes. Th e lesson appears
to be not that violent primates can transcend their natures, but merely that the natures of these species are
subtler and more multifaceted than previously thought. At least that was the lesson until quite recently.50 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
O LD P RIMATES AND N EW T RICKS
To some extent, the age-old “nature versus nurture” debate is silly. Th e action of genes is completely inter-
twined with the environment in which they function; in a sense, it is pointless to even discuss what gene X
does, and we should consider instead only what gene X does in environment Y. Nonetheless, if one had to
predict the behavior of some organism on the basis of only one fact, one might still want to know whether
the most useful fact would be about genetics or about the environment.
Th e fi rst two studies to show that primates were somewhat independent from their “natures” involved
a classic technique in behavioral genetics called cross-fostering. Suppose some animal has engaged in a
particular behavior for generations—call it behavior A. We want to know if that behavior is due to shared
genes or to a multigenerationally shared environment. Researchers try to answer the question by cross-
fostering the animal, that is, switching the animal’s mother at birth so that she is raised by one with behavior
B, and then watching to see which behavior the animal displays when she grows up. One problem with this
approach is that an animal’s environment does not begin at birth—a fetus shares a very intimate environ-
ment with its mother, namely the body’s circulation, chock-full of hormones and nutrients that can cause
lifelong changes in brain function and behavior. Th erefore, the approach can be applied only asymmetrically:
if a behavior persists in a new environment, one cannot conclude that genes are the cause, but if a behavior
changes in a new environment, then one can conclude that genes are not the cause. Th is is where the two
studies come in.
In the early 1970s, a highly respected primatologist named Hans Kummer was working in Ethiopia, in a
region containing two species of baboons with markedly diff erent social systems. Savanna baboons live in
large troops, with plenty of adult females and males. Hamadryas baboons, in contrast, have a more complex,
multilevel society. Because they live in a much harsher, drier region, hamadryas have a distinctive ecological
problem. Some resources are singular and scarce—like a rare watering hole or a good cliff face to sleep
on at night in order to evade predators—and large numbers of animals are likely to want to share them.
Other resources, such as the vegetation they eat, are sparse and widely dispersed, requiring animals to func-
tion in small, separate groups. As a result, hamadryas have evolved a “harem” structure—a single adult
male surrounded by a handful of adult females and their children—with large numbers of discrete harems
converging, peacefully, for short periods at the occasional desirable watering hole or cliff face.
Kummer conducted a simple experiment, trapping an adult female savanna baboon and releasing her
into a hamadryas troop and trapping an adult female hamadryas and releasing her into a savanna troop.
Among hamadryas, if a male threatens a female, it is almost certainly this brute who dominates the harem,
and the only way for the female to avoid injury is to approach him—i.e., return to the fold. But among
savanna baboons, if a male threatens a female, the way for her to avoid injury is to run away. In Kummer’s
experiment, the females who were dropped in among a diff erent species initially carried out their species-
typical behavior, a major faux pas in the new neighborhood. But gradually, they assimilated the new rules.
How long did this learning take? About an hour. In other words, millennia of genetic diff erences separating
the two species, a lifetime of experience with a crucial social rule for each female, and a miniscule amount of
time to reverse course completely.
Th e second experiment was set up by de Waal and his student Denise Johanowicz in the early 1990s,
working with two macaque monkey species. By any human standards, male rhesus macaques are unap-
pealing animals. Th eir hierarchies are rigid, those at the top seize a disproportionate share of the spoils,
they enforce this inequity with ferocious aggression, and they rarely reconcile after fi ghts. Male stump tailA Natural History of Peace | 51
macaques, in contrast, which share almost all of their genes with their rhesus macaque cousins, display
much less aggression, more affi liative behaviors, looser hierarchies, and more egalitarianism.
Working with captive primates, de Waal and Johanowicz created a mixed-sex social group of juvenile
macaques, combining rhesus and stump tails together. Remarkably, instead of the rhesus macaques bullying
the stump tails, over the course of a few months, the rhesus males adopted the stump tails’ social style,
eventually even matching the stump tails’ high rates of reconciliatory behavior. It so happens, moreover,
that stump tails and rhesus macaques use diff erent gestures when reconciling. Th e rhesus macaques in the
study did not start using the stump tails’ reconciliatory gestures, but rather increased the incidence of their
own species-typical gestures. In other words, they were not merely imitating the stump tails’ behavior; they
were incorporating the concept of frequent reconciliation into their own social practices. When the newly
warm-and-fuzzy rhesus macaques were returned to a larger, all-rhesus group, fi nally, their new behavioral
style persisted.
Th is is nothing short of extraordinary. But it brings up one last question: When those rhesus macaques
were transferred back into the all-rhesus world, did they spread their insights and behaviors to the others?
Alas, they did not. For that, we need to move on to our fi nal case.
L EFT B EHIND
In the early 1980s, “Forest Troop,” a group of savanna baboons I had been studying—virtually living with—
for years, was going about its business in a national park in Kenya when a neighboring baboon group had a
stroke of luck: its territory encompassed a tourist lodge that expanded its operations and consequently the
amount of food tossed into its garbage dump. Baboons are omnivorous, and “Garbage Dump Troop” was
delighted to feast on leftover drumsticks, half-eaten hamburgers, remnants of chocolate cake, and anything
else that wound up there. Soon they had shifted to sleeping in the trees immediately above the pit, descend-
ing each morning just in time for the day’s dumping of garbage. (Th ey soon got quite obese from the rich
diet and lack of exercise, but that is another story.)
Th e development produced nearly as dramatic a shift in the social behavior of Forest Troop. Each morn-
ing, approximately half of its adult males would infi ltrate Garbage Dump Troop’s territory, descending on
the pit in time for the day’s dumping and battling the resident males for access to the garbage. Th e Forest
Troop males that did this shared two traits: they were particularly combative (which was necessary to
get the food away from the other baboons), and they were not very interested in socializing (the raids
took place early in the morning, during the hours when the bulk of a savanna baboon’s daily communal
grooming occurs).
Soon afterward, tuberculosis, a disease that moves with devastating speed and severity in nonhuman
primates, broke out in Garbage Dump Troop. Over the next year, most of its members died, as did all of the
males from Forest Troop who had foraged at the dump. 1 Th e results were that Forest Troop was left with
males who were less aggressive and more social than average and the troop now had double its previous
female-to-male ratio.
Th e social consequences of these changes were dramatic. Th ere remained a hierarchy among the Forest
Troop males, but it was far looser than before: compared with other, more typical savanna baboon groups,
high-ranking males rarely harassed subordinates and occasionally even relinquished contested resources
to them. Aggression was less frequent, particularly against third parties. And rates of affi liative behaviors,52 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
such as males and females grooming each other or sitting together, soared. Th ere were even instances, now
and then, of adult males grooming each other—a behavior nearly as unprecedented as baboons sprouting
wings.
Th is unique social milieu did not arise merely as a function of the skewed sex ratio; other primatologists
have occasionally reported on troops with similar ratios but without a comparable social atmosphere. What
was key was not just the predominance of females, but the type of male that remained. Th e demographic
disaster—what evolutionary biologists term a “selective bottleneck”—had produced a savanna baboon
troop quite diff erent from what most experts would have anticipated.
But the largest surprise did not come until some years later. Female savanna baboons spend their lives in
the troop into which they are born, whereas males leave their birth troop around puberty; a troop’s adult
males have thus all grown up elsewhere and immigrated as adolescents. By the early 1990s, none of the
original low aggression/high affi liation males of Forest Troop’s tuberculosis period was still alive; all of the
group’s adult males had joined after the epidemic. Despite this, the troop’s unique social milieu persisted—as
it does to this day, some 20 years after the selective bottleneck. In other words, adolescent males that enter
Forest Troop after having grown up elsewhere wind up adopting the unique behavioral style of the resident
males. As defi ned by both anthropologists and animal behaviorists, “culture” consists of local behavioral
variations, occurring for nongenetic and nonecological reasons, that last beyond the time of their origina-
tors. Forest Troop’s low aggression/high affi liation society constitutes nothing less than a multigenerational
benign culture.
Continuous study of the troop has yielded some insights into how its culture is transmitted to newcom-
ers. Genetics obviously plays no role, nor apparently does self-selection: adolescent males that transfer into
the troop are no diff erent from those that transfer into other troops, displaying on arrival similarly high rates
of aggression and low rates of affi liation. Nor is there evidence that new males are taught to act in benign
ways by the residents. One cannot rule out the possibility that some observational learning is occurring, but
it is diffi cult to detect given that the distinctive feature of this culture is not the performance of a unique
behavior but the performance of typical behaviors at atypically extreme rates.
To date, the most interesting hint about the mechanism of transmission is the way recently transferred
males are treated by Forest Troop’s resident females. In a typical savanna baboon troop, newly transferred
adolescent males spend years slowly working their way into the social fabric; they are extremely low
ranking—ignored by females and noted by adult males only as convenient targets for aggression. In Forest
Troop, by contrast, new male transfers are inundated with female attention soon after their arrival. Resident
females fi rst present themselves sexually to new males an average of 18 days after the males arrive, and they
fi rst groom the new males an average of 20 days after they arrive (normal savanna baboons introduce such
behaviors after 63 and 78 days, respectively). Furthermore, these welcoming gestures occur more frequently
in Forest Troop during the early post-transfer period, and there is four times as much grooming of males by
females in Forest Troop as elsewhere. From almost the moment they arrive, in other words, new males fi nd
out that in Forest Troop, things are done diff erently.
At present, I think the most plausible explanation is that this troop’s special culture is not passed on
actively but simply emerges, facilitated by the actions of the resident members. Living in a group with half
the typical number of males, and with the males being nice guys to boot, Forest Troop’s females become
more relaxed and less wary. As a result, they are more willing to take a chance and reach out socially to new
arrivals, even if the new guys are typical jerky adolescents at fi rst. Th e new males, in turn, fi nding themselves
treated so well, eventually relax and adopt the behaviors of the troop’s distinctive social milieu.A Natural History of Peace | 53
N ATURAL B ORN K ILLERS ?
Are there any lessons to be learned here that can be applied to human-on-human violence—apart, that is,
from the possible desirability of giving fatal cases of tuberculosis to aggressive people?
Any biological anthropologist opining about human behavior is required by long-established tradition to
note that for 99 percent of human history, humans lived in small, stable bands of related hunter-gatherers.
Game theorists have shown that a small, cohesive group is the perfect setting for the emergence of coopera-
tion: the identities of the other participants are known, there are opportunities for multiple iterations of
games (and thus the ability to punish cheaters), and there is open-book play (players can acquire reputa-
tions). And so, those hunter-gatherer bands were highly egalitarian. Empirical and experimental data have
also shown the cooperative advantages of small groups at the opposite human extreme, namely in the
corporate world.
But the lack of violence within small groups can come at a heavy price. Small homogenous groups with
shared values can be a nightmare of conformity. Th ey can also be dangerous for outsiders. Unconsciously
emulating the murderous border patrols of closely related male chimps, militaries throughout history have
sought to form small, stable units; inculcate them with rituals of pseudokinship; and thereby produce ef-
fi cient, cooperative killing machines.
Is it possible to achieve the cooperative advantages of a small group without having the group refl exively
view outsiders as the Other? One way is through trade. Voluntary economic exchanges not only produce
profi ts; they can also reduce social friction—as the macaques demonstrated by being more likely to recon-
cile with a valued partner in food acquisition.
Another way is through a fi ssion-fusion social structure, in which the boundaries between groups are not
absolute and impermeable. Th e model here is not the multilevel society of the hamadryas baboons, both
because their basic social unit of the harem is despotic and because their fusion consists of nothing more
than lots of animals occasionally coming together to utilize a resource peacefully. Human hunter-gatherers
are a better example to follow, in that their small bands often merge, split, or exchange members for a while,
with such fl uidity helping to solve not only environmental resource problems but social problems as well.
Th e result is that instead of the all-or-nothing world of male chimps, in which there is only one’s own group
and the enemy, hunter-gatherers can enjoy gradations of familiarity and cooperation stretching over large
areas.
Th e interactions among hunter-gatherers resemble those of other networks, where there are individual
nodes (in this case, small groups) and where the majority of interactions between the nodes are local ones,
with the frequency of interactions dropping off as a function of distance. Mathematicians have shown that
when the ratios among short-, middle-, and long-distance interactions are optimal, networks are robust:
they are dominated by highly cooperative clusters of local interactions, but they also retain the potential for
less frequent, long-distance communication and coordination.
Optimizing the fi ssion-fusion interactions of hunter-gatherer networks is easy: cooperate within the
band; schedule frequent joint hunts with the next band over; have occasional hunts with bands somewhat
farther out; have a legend of a single shared hunt with a mythic band at the end of the earth. Optimizing
the fi ssion-fusion interactions in contemporary human networks is vastly harder, but the principles are the
same.
In exploring these subjects, one often encounters a pessimism built around the notion that humans, as
primates, are hard-wired for xenophobia. Some brain-imaging studies have appeared to support this view in54 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
a particularly discouraging way. Th ere is a structure deep inside the brain called the amygdala, which plays
a key role in fear and aggression, and experiments have shown that when subjects are presented with a face
of someone from a diff erent race, the amygdala gets metabolically active—aroused, alert, ready for action.
Th is happens even when the face is presented “subliminally,” which is to say, so rapidly that the subject does
not consciously see it.
More recent studies, however, should mitigate this pessimism. Test a person who has a lot of experience
with people of diff erent races, and the amygdala does not activate. Or, as in a wonderful experiment by
Susan Fiske, of Princeton University, subtly bias the subject beforehand to think of people as individuals
rather than as members of a group, and the amygdala does not budge. Humans may be hard-wired to get
edgy around the Other, but our views on who falls into that category are decidedly malleable.
In the early 1960s, a rising star of primatology, Irven DeVore, of Harvard University, published the fi rst
general overview of the subject. Discussing his own specialty, savanna baboons, he wrote that they “have
acquired an aggressive temperament as a defense against predators, and aggressiveness cannot be turned on
and off like a faucet. It is an integral part of the monkeys’ personalities, so deeply rooted that it makes them
potential aggressors in every situation.” Th us the savanna baboon became, literally, a textbook example of
life in an aggressive, highly stratifi ed, male-dominated society. Yet within a few years, members of the species
demonstrated enough behavioral plasticity to transform a society of theirs into a baboon utopia.
Th e fi rst half of the twentieth century was drenched in the blood spilled by German and Japanese ag-
gression, yet only a few decades later it is hard to think of two countries more pacifi c. Sweden spent the
seventeenth century rampaging through Europe, yet it is now an icon of nurturing tranquility. Humans
have invented the small nomadic band and the continental megastate, and have demonstrated a fl exibility
whereby uprooted descendants of the former can function eff ectively in the latter. We lack the type of
physiology or anatomy that in other mammals determine their mating system, and have come up with soci-
eties based on monogamy, polygyny, and polyandry. And we have fashioned some religions in which violent
acts are the entrée to paradise and other religions in which the same acts consign one to hell. Is a world of
peacefully coexisting human Forest Troops possible? Anyone who says, “No, it is beyond our nature,” knows
too little about primates, including ourselves.""",
"""Perhaps the most important challenge facing African countries today lies here: How does the African
state transform its component identities—its ethnic diversities inherited from colonial boundar-
ies—into nation-states? As Olara Otunnu, former permanent representative of Uganda to the United
Nations and Ugandan foreign minister, describes it, the political identity of an African state is rather like
a three-tier edifi ce. At the top is an overarching sense of continental identity shared by all Africans, who
can say without any hesitation, “We are Africans.” At the base of the edifi ce lies a sense of ethnic identity, a
powerful force that enables most Africans to proclaim with complete confi dence, “We are Kikuyu” or “We
are Yoruba” or “We are Baganda.” Th e crisis arises in the middle, the national level. Th ose who can truly
affi rm with conviction that “We are Ugandans” or “We are Ethiopians” are still far too few. Of course, there
is still lip service given to this inclusive national identity, but deep down, sentiments and actual practice
betray a diff erent reality, where allegiance is placed more commonly with the religious or ethnic identity
group, tribe, or clan, and not with the nation-state.
Th e result is that the sense of national identity remains the least developed of all the levels of political
identity in Africa. Th is problem has assumed tragic proportions in recent times because of the policies of
some African leaders who, instead of correcting the legacies of colonialism, have adopted the same stratagem
of divide-and-rule that manipulates ethnic loyalties and diverse identities in order to gain or retain power.
Consequently, various groups within Africa—claiming their own distinct identity—have begun to de-
mand greater self-determination in their struggles for justice and power. Th e challenges these demands pose
for African governance and constitutionalism center on the pluralistic composition of the African state and
its ability to manage these identity confl icts.
S UBJECTIVE AND O BJECTIVE E LEMENTS OF I DENTITY
Among the most common bases of identity are race, ethnicity, culture, language, and religion. As a concept of
identifi cation, territory—either a distinct geographical location in which the group is found or to which the
group maintains a historical, cultural, or spiritual attachment—usually overlaps with one or more of these
factors and is, therefore, a complementary or an affi rmative factor. Self-identifi cation and identifi cation by
others are also relevant sources of identity and imply elements of subjectivity and objectivity. For analytical
and policy purposes, the relative emphasis placed on these types of identity can lead to complexities. In
Africa, as indeed elsewhere, while ethnic groups identify themselves and are identifi ed by others as distinct
from others, and may indeed be distinguished by their language, culture, and perhaps territory, there is often
a great deal of myth behind the labels as well as much overlapping.
Two sets of discrepancies might arise in the identity debate. Th e fi rst has to do with the degree to which the
subjective factors of self-identifi cation match the objective elements of the claimed identity (that is, physical
or genetic factors). Under normal circumstances, this is a personal matter that should not concern others. Th e
second set of discrepancies has to do with the degree to which exclusive individual or group identities are re-
fl ected or represented in the defi nition of the collective national identity framework. Th e discrepancy between
the exclusive identities and the collective national identity makes the issue of identity, in its subjectivities and
objectivities, a matter of public policy concern. To the extent that the issue impinges on the interests of other
citizens, identity enters the public domain and ceases to be purely personal or exclusive to the group.
Several themes need to be highlighted regarding identity as a factor in confl ict. First, it is recognized
that identity is basically a subjective concept; it is what people perceive themselves to be that principallyThe Politics of Identity and the Challenge of Unity | 57
establishes what they are. Second, an important element of such subjective identifi cation is, rightly or wrongly,
genetically related; in many instances this associates the concept with ethnicity or race. Th ird, recognizing
identity (including its genetic or racial component) as subjective does not mean that it cannot be challenged
by objective facts or criteria; one’s personal identifi cation may be in sharp confl ict with what one actually
is according to established standards. To the extent that this discrepancy has public policy implications,
it cannot be left as a private matter for the individual. And fourth, as a matter of policy, if one or more
exclusive identities confl ict with the requirements of national unity in a framework of diverse identity, then
a need arises either to remove the divisive elements and redefi ne the national identity framework to be all
inclusive, or to design a system of coexistence among the diverse groups through constitutional arrange-
ments that accommodate at least the more signifi cant diversities (perhaps through greater local autonomy
or self-governance), or, as a third option and last resort, to allow the diverse parts to go their separate ways
and break away from the existing nation-state.
Ethnicity (or race) usually implies that the group is, in large part, biologically related and self-perpetuating;
shares fundamental values, realized in the unity of cultural forms; has a relational framework of interaction
and communication; and is made up of members who identify themselves, and who are identifi ed by others,
as constituting a category distinguishable from others residing within the nation-state. Consequently, the
concept of a distinct character, or an identity group, depends on a number of criteria that may appear in
combination. “Race (or nationality) is one of the more important of the relevant criteria, but the concept
of race can only be expressed scientifi cally in terms of more specifi c features, in which matters of culture,
language, religion and group psychology predominate.” Th ere is, therefore, considerable ambiguity over the
concept of race, as there indeed is over ethnicity and nationality. Th is refl ects broader debate over the rel-
evance of socially constructed identity, which, while not scientifi cally verifi able, exists in the collective mind
of human beings as a real force. “Th e physical indicia of race and nationality may be evidence of the cultural
distinctiveness of a group, but they certainly do not inevitably condition it. Indeed, if the purely ethnic
criteria were applied exclusively many existing national identities would be negated on academic grounds.”
While many fairly objective indicators exist, the general tendency among scholars is to recognize self-
identifi cation with a particular group as the crucial determinant of identity. As Crawford Young puts it,
“In the fi nal analysis, identity is a subjective, individual phenomenon; it is shaped through a constantly
recurrent question to ego, ‘Who am I?’ with its corollary, ‘Who is he?’ Generalized to the collectivity, these
become ‘Who are we?’ and ‘Who are they?’ ” According to Nelson Kasfi r, ethnicity “encompasses all forms
of identity that have at their root the notion of a common ancestor-race as well as tribe.” Focusing on the
Sudanese situation, Kasfi r goes further to link religion and region with ancestor-race and ethnicity. Although
he concedes that the choice “depends on the particular situation, not merely on the individual’s preference,”
he concludes with an emphasis on personal choice: “Th ough objective ethnic characteristics (race, language,
culture, place of birth) usually provide the possible limits, subjective perception of either the identifi er or
the identifi ed—whether objectively accurate or not—may turn out to be decisive for that social situation.”
In Nigeria, where the religious divide is somewhat similar to that of Sudan, A. O. Olukoshi and L. Laakso
suggest, “Ethnic identities are matched by religious identities which have a similar potential for overriding
other kinds of identity. It is precisely for this reason that ethnic and religious confl icts can have a tendency
to become a zero-sum game, aff ecting the very defi nition of citizenship by tying it organically to the endow-
ment of the state with an exclusive ethnic or religious character.” Writing on Nigeria, Vanessa Jimenez and
Ricardo Laremont describe government attempts to diff use ethnic and religious identities by demarcating
state borders that cut through lands occupied by diff erent ethnic and religious groups to create multi-ethnic58 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
and multireligious entities. In their assessment, this strategy appears to have had the mixed result of breaking
up groups—a negative—and creating new pluralisms—also problematic—but by the same token dissuading
secessionist tendencies—a positive. Young adds the qualifi cation that “subjective identity itself is aff ected by
the labels applied by others.” Th ese may become internalized and accepted as part of the subjective sense
of self. Th e main point, however, is that “although identity is subjective, multiple, and situationally fl uid, it is
not infi nitely elastic. Cultural properties of the individual do constrain the possible range of choice of social
identities. Physical appearance is the most indelible attribute; where skin pigmentation serves to segment
communities, only a handful of persons at the color margins may be permitted any choice of identity on
racial lines.”
Inevitably, a discrepancy emerges between what is subjective and what is objective with regard to
ethnicity or race and can manifest itself within a number of attributes including language, physical appear-
ance, territory, political unit, or common value systems. While certain attributes are obvious, a number of
gray areas continue to exist at the margins and, unfortunately, none of this mitigates the discriminatory
aspects of self-perceptions. Race, the breeding ground for racism, the “stepchild of prejudice,” is based “on
conspicuous physical diff erentiation ... which facilitate(s) the stereotyping process.” Th ere are, however,
situations where subjective and divisive racial or ethnic identifi cations defy objective factors that are more
closely connected with shared characteristics. Even in apartheid South Africa, an example of a racially
stereotyping model, particularly among certain categories of the “coloreds,” borderline cases would still
raise issues of subjectivity and objectivity. Sudan is a particularly problematic example of the application of
racial or ethnic standards. Th e Northern Sudanese, who are commonly referred to as Arabs, are primarily
Africans who speak Arabic, are Muslims, are culturally Arabized, and have some elements of Arab racial
characteristics, such as they are. Th e claim to be from the Arab race can only be valid for a negligible few,
yet this “Arabism” permeates the North and, in fact, the country as a whole and is one of the major reasons
for the confl ict with the South and between the government and the non-Arab elements in the North.
Often, educated Northern Sudanese play down this racial aspect by arguing that Arabism is cultural, not
racial, but this is obviously designed to defl ect accusations of racism, as though cultural chauvinism were
more acceptable.
Ethiopia is another country where the issue of identity is controversial both in the narrow sense of what
an individual or group identity means in subjective and objective terms, and in the extent to which the na-
tional framework is identifi ed with a dominant group. Historically, the Amhara have played a role similar to
that played by those who claim to be Arabs in Sudan. Th e only diff erence, but a major one, is that except for
the royal lineage of the emperor, which attached importance to ancestral origins and genealogy, the Amhara
placed more importance on their culture than on ancestry or genealogy as the source of their identity, which
then became synonymous with the national Ethiopian identity. While Amhara culture was used as the basis
of nationwide assimilation, which in itself is contestable, Amhara descent did gain preeminence over other
indigenous groups in the country. In this respect, the Ethiopian case is similar to that of Sudan.
As Edmond Keller explains, various nationalities in Ethiopia asserted their separate identities, fi rst ignored
under the imperial rule and by the Marxist regime that overthrew it, but were eventually recognized by the
current government, which has adopted a highly controversial ethnoregional federalism, with the right of
conditional self-determination for the diverse, regionally based nationalities. Ironically, Keller sees this as a
tactic to avoid the nationality issue and to undermine the causes of the ethnic groups. He notes that this
allowed the regime “to repartition the country so as to minimize the importance of large and relatively
homogeneous regions,” and improve the government’s “ability to control politics as well as the economy.”The Politics of Identity and the Challenge of Unity | 59
Subjective assumptions about peoples are well illustrated by the cases of Burundi and Rwanda, where
the key questions of identity are “Who is a Tutsi?” and “Who is a Hutu?” Th e Tutsi are racially classifi ed as
Nilo-Hamitic, and the Hutu as Bantu-Negroid, but the labels Tutsi and Hutu are only very loosely “racially”
based identifi cations, which historically correlated to material status determined largely by cattle wealth.
Individuals were, therefore, able to cross the dividing line on the basis of economic and concomitant social
status. Moreover, there is considerable intermarriage and fusion between the Tutsis and Hutus, comple-
mented by residential mixing. As a result of that intermingling, while there are Tutsis and Hutus who meet
the stereotypical criteria of ethnic identity, many would challenge the standard models.
In most African countries, identities that are based on distinctions within a broad racial or ethnic cat-
egorization, and may be grounds for tension and confl ict, do not pose the same issues of race and ethnicity
as the apartheid South African, Ethiopian, or Sudanese models. Consequently, the discrepancies between
subjectivity and objectivity, or between the local and the national identities, though still applicable, are less
striking. Ultimately, race, ethnicity, tribe, and even clan are various means of expressing the same notion of
exclusive, as opposed to inclusive, identity. As Donald Rothchild and Alexander J. Groth poignantly note,
“Identity is as frequently based on myth as on fact, and one of the main means of its preservation is through
the principles of exclusion.” Karl Deutsch also underscores this point, when he observes that a “nation is a
group of persons united by a common error about their ancestry and a common dislike of their neighbors.”
Th e issue of the discrepancy between what people think they are and what they are in fact, as well as how
that discrepancy aff ects the collective structures or frameworks, may be more noticeable with respect to
race or ethnicity. However, it also applies to the supposedly more circumscribed “tribal” identities and even
to clans, lineages, and families. Th ere is usually more intermarriage and mixing than people realize or care to
admit, which often challenges the myths of identity. Whatever the level of the identity crisis, the generated
confl icts become most acute in the context of the state power struggle. To the extent that these confl icts
result from inequitable allocations made on the basis of these fi ctions of identity, or create structures or
common frameworks that then discriminate through the stratifi cation of these assumed identities, too
many interests become involved for the matter to be left as the private aff air of the individual or the group
whose identity is in question. Seen from this perspective, the issue of identity is by no means only a matter
of concern to a few countries. To the contrary, it is safe to say that most, if not all, countries suff er from some
form of identity crisis based on the two sets of discrepancies, one between the subjective and the objective,
and the other between the exclusive and the collective.
Th e point that should be emphasized when discussing identity confl icts is that it is neither the number
of distinct identities nor the diff erences of identities, but rather the incompatibilities of their objectives or
interests that generate confl icts. As David Lake and Donald Rothchild observe, “Competition for resources
typically lies at the heart of ethnic confl ict. Property rights, jobs, scholarships, educational admissions,
language rights, government contracts, and development allocations all confer benefi ts on individuals
and groups.” Incompatibilities can relate either to such tangible issues as the distribution of power, wealth,
and other assets, or to intangible issues such as how a nation is defi ned and what role is played by vari-
ous entities within that nation in nationalistic, cultural, or moral and spiritual terms. As already noted, it
is not how individuals and groups perceive themselves that is in question, but how the state recognizes
those self-perceptions in its common framework and what status is given the groups concerned. Lake and
Rothchild caution, “Th e most widely discussed explanations of ethnic confl ict are, at best, incomplete and,
at worst, simply wrong. Ethnic confl ict is not caused directly by inter-group diff erences, ‘ancient hatreds’ and
centuries-old feuds, or the stresses of modern life within a global economy. Nor were ethnic passions, long60 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
bottled up by repressive communist regimes, simply uncorked by the end of the Cold War. We argue instead
that intense ethnic confl ict is most often caused by collective fears of the future.”
It can, however, be argued that ethnic confl icts begin for many reasons, are at times managed and con-
tained, and temporarily resolved, but are potentially persistent. Apart from an inherent sense of identity
and integrity, and the pride and sensitivity attached to them, a material aspect nearly always is at the heart
of these confl icts. Muna Ndulo argues that confl icts in Africa “have typically been rooted in struggles for
political power, national privilege, and scarce resources.” Emphasizing the point, Ndulo goes on to say that
“underlying the prevalence of confl ict in Africa is a crisis of government and poverty, leading to a scramble
for resources. ... In conditions of prosperity, confl icts are less likely to arise and more likely to be resolved
quickly and peacefully if they do arise.”
In Ethiopia, as Keller explains, the economics of power have been at the center of the Ethiopian political
system and its evolution. Th e nobility demanded a portion of the agricultural produce from the peasants
who worked on the land. Even more signifi cant, the emperor used his appointment of noblemen to political
and administrative positions as a form of patronage to ensure loyalty and support.
With respect to Nigeria, Jimenez and Laremont argue that “the question of resources and access to
resources for governance remains overwhelmingly in the hands of the central government,” an “imbalance
that has led some observers to describe Nigeria’s governing structure as a unitary state in federal disguise.”
Th e critical issue of resource distribution, which is a root cause of confl ict of identities in the modern state
context, becomes compounded by the center-state periphery distribution patterns that make devolution of
power meaningless. Even in Botswana, which is relatively homogenous, Gilbert Khadiagala reports that “the
current politicization of ethnicity stems largely from deepening socio-economic inequalities and the decay
of the social consensus that underwrote postcolonial stability.” Th is paradox of a successful African model,
turned into a free-market economy, with its sharply stratifying class structures, has been described as a case
of the “fl ower of success” containing “the seeds of its own destruction.”
In the case of South Africa, where racial and ethnic diff erentiations went hand-in-hand with economic
and social stratifi cation and discrimination, postapartheid reform has had to focus on the material aspect
of politics rather than on issues of identity per se. As Ndulo explains, the postapartheid South African
constitution, “includes in the Bill of Rights justiciable socio-economic rights; environments rights; land ac-
cess rights; housing rights; the right to healthcare services; the right to food and water; the right to social
security benefi ts; and children’s rights to these same benefi ts, with the added right of access to education.
Th e government is obliged to ensure the progressive realization of these rights.”
Identity confl icts in the pluralistic context of the state become compounded and particularly acute
when one of the parties involved insists that other groups give up what seem contradictory beliefs, values,
interests, goals, and the like, or when each of the contending parties insists that its beliefs be accepted as
superior, implying also a dominant role in the control of material resources. Any grossly disadvantaged party
is likely to retaliate only if it believes that something will be gained, or little lost, in engaging in the confl ict.
Th e role of the elite, intermediaries, cultural mediators, or those who have been widely termed “political
entrepreneurs,” is pivotal in these confl icts, as they are instrumental in mobilizing group sentiment, orga-
nization, and action on ethnoregional, religious, or other factional terms. Th e core concern of the targeted
group is fear—physical, psychological, and cultural: “Collective fears of the future arise when states lose
their ability to arbitrate between groups or provide credible guarantees of protection for groups ... physical
security becomes of paramount concern. When central authority declines, groups become fearful for their
survival. Th ey invest in and prepare for violence, and thereby make actual violence possible. To counter theseThe Politics of Identity and the Challenge of Unity | 61
fears, the dominant elite can undermine the dissident movement by denying it the conditions necessary for
its success in challenging the status quo. But, while this may impede the progress of the dissident group, it
may also deepen animosities and sharpen the incompatibilities behind the confl ict.
All in all, self-identifi cation, as Dauda Abubakar explains with special reference to Nigeria, is inherently a
concept of contrasting one’s self with others, and, in many respects, oppositionally: “Th e construction of the
identity of one group could only be meaningful in relation to the way the identities of others are constructed
and not in isolation. ... Th e construction of Hausa-Fulani identity takes on more important meaning and
political load, as it relates in a competitive sociopolitical environment with the Yorubas or Igbos, or even
other minority ethnic groups in the north. ... Simply, ethnicity does not exist or make sense outside inter-
and intra-ethnic relations.” As Rothchild and Groth observe, while there are notable
diff erences among ethnonationalist entities, there is a range of routine activities in which they
engage designed to strengthen various aspects of their identity. Th ese may involve the teaching,
learning, and dissemination of a language; the cultivation of a particular religion; the diff usion
of distinctive symbols; the celebration of persons and achievements associated with the group’s
history; the attempt to achieve cultural, economic, and political recognition for the group,
with claims to equity, equality, primacy, autonomy, or independence depending on particular
situations.
Most, if not all, cultural groups in their relative isolation are ethnocentric and idealize their identities and
correlative values. Confl ict ensues in pluralistic contexts only when interactive groups perceive their identi-
ties and interests as incompatible. Since these perceptions are essentially functions of social conditioning,
cultural values, or perceptions about them, the diff erences and incompatibilities associated with them may
create misunderstandings, prejudices, and behavior patterns that become inherently off ensive. Unless the
pluralistic context has forced a group to recognize its comparative disadvantages, the perceptions involved
often have a subjective parity. Th at is, each of the interactive groups sees itself as superior and therefore
takes intractable positions that prevent them from negotiating anything perceived as tantamount to subor-
dination or a threat to its continued existence—including that which might otherwise satisfy the aspirations
of their people.
In addressing the dual discrepancies relating to subjectivity and objectivity and to exclusion and inclu-
sion, African constitutionalism is called upon to adopt a pragmatic approach aimed at reconciling these
discrepancies. On the one hand, it should recognize self-perceptions and the dynamics of self-identifi cation,
while, on the other hand, it should strive to encourage the development of inclusive national identities that
are based on objective facts and on national aspirations for unity. Th is can be done through various forms
of decentralization and devolution of power while also ensuring adequate representation at all levels of the
national constitutive processes. In essence, what is needed is to correct the divisions and stratifi cations of
the colonial state, which have persisted, and often have been aggravated, under the postcolonial governance
systems. As Rothchild and Groth advise, “If states in the 1990s may be said to have an interest, all other
things being equal, in domestic peace and stability; in economic effi ciency; in being perceived as attractive
outlets for foreign investment; in acting as legitimate participants in the international and regional organiza-
tions promoting economic, environmental, and security cooperation, then they must also be seen as having
an important stake in dampening or defusing ethnic confl icts within their borders.”62 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
T HE E VOLUTION OF E THNIC R ELATIONS IN A FRICA
To correct the mistakes of the past, it is necessary to understand the historical roots of the problems of
diversity and disparity. Ethnic relations in African countries must be viewed contextually and historically
with special reference to three phases—the precolonial, colonial, and independent periods. Each of these
has shaped the sharing of power, wealth, social services, and development opportunities.
During the African precolonial period, the European concept of the state did not exist, and communities
coexisted and interacted horizontally on the basis of relative parity and mutual accommodation in the com-
mon interest. It is commonly accepted that neighbors must inevitably interact and may come into confl ict,
but they develop ways to manage their confl icts to prevent them from occurring and to resolve them when
they occur. Th at separate identities and intercommunal relations had survived the test of time in precolonial
Africa is adequate testimony to both the relative balance of power and indigenous groups’ mutual interest in
peaceful, or at least functional, coexistence. Of course, a variety of societies operated during this precolonial
era, ranging from acephalous “stateless” ones to centralized kingdoms, but the fundamental principles of
autonomous mutual recognition and consensual decision making were widely shared.
After European intervention, the formation of centralized state systems responsible for the distribution
of power and resources shifted the focus away from local arrangements. Although the colonial govern-
ments and their representatives were relatively neutral as agents of outside impartial justice, the colonial
powers often favored certain groups and regions over others. Th is favoritism led to a stratifi cation of power
that had not existed in precolonial times. Th e tensions that this stratifi cation generated were, nevertheless,
contained by both an emphasis on law and order and the relative neutrality of the colonial administration
as an outsider to the internal identity affi liations.
With independence, certain groups and regions—often those who had benefi ted from the colonial shap-
ing and sharing of power, resources, public services, and development opportunities—became associated
with the central government, leading to greater disparity. As Abubakar notes with specifi c reference to
Nigeria, “After independence, regionalism and the ‘ethnic trap,’ whereby ethnoregional and religious identi-
ties signifi cantly infl uenced the pattern and processes of political contestation, fundamentally characterized
Nigeria’s politics.” Because the process was geared toward the center as the ultimate source of power, it
commensurately empowered those who shared elements with the wielders of national power, while margin-
alizing and alienating those who did not. Th e local balance of power that had sustained mutuality of interest
in coexistence was consequently disturbed.
For those groups at the local level that felt themselves advantaged and strengthened by these changes,
the tendency to ally with the central authorities against their disadvantaged and weakened neighbors in-
creased. As Maxwell Owusu notes, “Th [e] hallowed and fundamental principle of traditional government,
that is, rule by consent of the ruled, was all but destroyed by the imposition of colonial rule and was cyni-
cally distorted and mangled when the one-party state allowed the emergence of ambitious, corrupt, and
dictatorial African leaders, many in military uniform, after independence. Th is democratic principle has to
be reaffi rmed as the bedrock of Africa’s second independence.”
Ndulo quotes Bentsi-Enchill’s observation that “our ancestors insisted that everything should be done
on achieving the consensus of all key sectors of the community before a decision was made.” Th is, of course,
has not been the case. As a result, tensions and even violent confl icts have ensued. J. B. Adekanye observes,
“Virtually all African states have seen a marked retreat from the state and behind the psychosocially protec-
tive shield of ethnic and religious identities and confl icts.” And Claude Ake notes:The Politics of Identity and the Challenge of Unity | 63
Even after independence, the state in Africa has not become a reassuring presence but remains
a formidable threat to everybody except the few who control it. It is largely regarded as a hostile
force to be evaded, cheated, defeated and appropriated as circumstances permit. Accordingly,
most people have turned away from the state to seek safety and fulfi llment in their community,
ethnic group, and nation. Th e demands that they make on these social formations have turned
them into informal polities, in competition with the state.
But, as Rothchild and Groth explains, hostilities are not only directed against the state, but “may be directed
by majorities against minorities, by minorities against majorities, and by various ethnic fragments against
one another. Anxiety and stress are likely to be channeled toward scapegoat objects. Th ey are also likely to be
grossly exaggerated in relation to the objective world of observable and empirically verifi able phenomena.
Th e ethnic ‘alien’ becomes an outlet for anguish, despair, confusion, and fear. Th e alien is likely to acquire
oddly demonic characteristics.”
During the Cold War, internal confl icts were both aggravated and contained by the involvement of the
superpowers on both sides. Th e end of the Cold War removed the “third party” from internal African con-
fl icts for the most part. Because the state is usually the main benefi ciary of the international system, the loss
of strategic alliances has led to its weakening, which, at least in part, accounts for the massive breakdown of
law and order, and even the total or partial collapse of states.
External involvement in Africa has not entirely disappeared, however, and, after an initial post–Cold
War withdrawal, the superpowers have reengaged with vigor on the continent in the quest for such vital
resources as oil and allies in the global war against terrorism. In Ndulo’s words, “Today, external interests
continue to play a signifi cant and sometimes a decisive role, both in suppressing and in sustaining confl ict in
the competition for oil, diamonds, base minerals, timber, and other natural resources in Africa.” Th is involve-
ment in Africa often plays into internal identity diff erences and creates alliances that weaken the confl icting
internal factions through the classic notion of divide and conquer. Th e Africans see these internal confl icts
more immediately as a war of identities.
Identity confl icts at their worst tend to be zero-sum, and in some cases genocidal, contests for the
identity of the nation. What is at stake is the quality and level of participation of diff erent groups in the
political, civil, economic, social, and cultural life of the country. As one observer notes, “If ethnic groups
or classes or political parties can capture the machinery of state, they can use the identity of the state
to justify their domination and exploitation of the population.” Th e larger the gap between the attributes
considered representative of the national identity and the characteristics of a subordinated group, the more
the marginalized group feels threatened and the higher the level of resentment and animosity toward the
dominant group. Depending on the degree of parity or disparity, the resulting discrimination may trigger
a separatist movement or contest for the redefi ning and restructuring of the national framework so that it
is more accommodating of the groups that are excluded or grossly discriminated against. Since this would
imply a major change in the status quo, the dominant group often resists it.
In a stratifi ed society where there are major gaps between the preferred national identity and that of
excluded or marginalized groups, the pyramidal segmentation, as opposed to a cross-cutting social organiza-
tion, creates a higher level of ethnocentrism and destructive intergroup confrontation, which in turn fosters
solidarity within the groups in confl ict. It also generates a tendency toward self-promotion by identifying
with the dominant group in the confi guration of the confl ict. In many instances, this means that confl icts
within the component groups tend to be overridden by confl icts with other groups. Th e confi guration of64 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
the groups, the nature of the demands, and the intensity of the confl ict are all concomitantly determined
and aff ected by stratifi cation and the dynamics of identifi cation. In this state of aff airs, involving stratifi ca-
tion and the fl uidity of identities in the process of self-enhancement, armed struggle becomes the inevitable
means of attempting to resolve the confl ict with paradoxical consequences, as Mahmoud Mamdani insight-
fully argues:
Th e struggle for rights acquires the most signifi cance where the issue of state power appears to be
clearly settled, most notably as the result of a protracted armed struggle, itself evidence of both
the limited development and organizational weakness of the so-called “civil society” or non-state
sectors. However, such an outcome is likely to exacerbate this contradiction, because to have been
successful, the armed struggle has almost certainly been supported by many civilian activists, and
yet upon victory the new regime proceeds to reorganize the state, and only from that standpoint
to develop an agenda for social change. If this is combined with a hegemonic perspective that
sees in the growing insistence on greater democracy nothing but a demand for “bourgeois” rights,
nothing but fresh evidence of “counter-revolution” rearing its ugly head under new conditions,
the danger is that civil society is likely to be left even weaker than before!
Th is analysis logically leads to two policy options, most pertinent to some countries, such as Sudan, Ethiopia,
Burundi, and Rwanda, but with possibilities for broader application. Th e fi rst option is for a dominant group
and its identity to be recognized and given legitimacy as a basis for nationhood regardless of whether or
not it represents a majority of citizens of that nation. In this case, nations, their constitutions, and governing
frameworks should be fashioned along those identity lines, allowing for decentralization, power sharing at
the national and local level, (for instance, self-administration or autonomy for a distinct group or groups),
or possibly partitioning of the state. Th e second policy option suggests that the presumed group in control,
and its identity, is questioned and invalidated on objective grounds thereby giving room for a more accurate
and all-embracing concept of a unifying national identity. Sudan appears set on a course in this direction.
Rwanda has already moved in favor of reaffi rming and reasserting a unifying Rwandan national identity and
subsuming separate Tutsi and Hutu identities within the state structure. Whether this will succeed or prove
to be an imposed reconstruction of identity that ignores realities, only time will tell. It does, however, signify
the need for exploring unifying national identity frameworks based on the equality of citizenship and a
mutually accommodating common ground.
T HE C HALLENGES OF U NITY WITHIN D IVERSITY
Th e concept of unity within diversity is predicated on the assumption that a successful nation is one that
can pool together its diverse social intermixtures in a manner that builds on their richness and does not
alienate any group. As the United Nations Development Programme notes in a 2004 report:
Cultural liberty is a vital part of human development because being able to choose one’s iden-
tity—who one is—without losing the respect of others or being excluded from other choices is
important in leading a full life. ... People want the freedom to practice their religion openly, to
speak their language, to celebrate their ethnic or religious heritage without fear of ridicule orThe Politics of Identity and the Challenge of Unity | 65
punishment or diminished opportunity. ... States face an urgent challenge in responding to these
demands. If handled well, greater recognition of identities will bring greater cultural diversity
in society, enriching people’s lives. But there is also a great risk. ... Th ese struggles over cultural
identity, if left unmanaged or managed poorly, can quickly become one of the greatest sources of
instability within states and between them—and in so doing trigger confl ict that takes develop-
ment backwards. Identity politics that polarize people and groups are creating fault lines between
“us” and “them.” Growing distrust and hatred threaten peace, development and human freedoms.
Constitutional processes, substantive provisions, and public institutions (both traditional and modern) that
are deliberately modeled to encourage “cultural liberty” are more likely to assist in creating a national com-
monality essential to nation building. On the negative side, as noted earlier, when groups are excluded or
grossly discriminated, identity confl icts result. What makes such confl icts particularly resistant to resolution
is because identity is rooted in complex and multidimensional psychological, historical, and cultural factors
that are intangible and therefore very diffi cult to defi ne.
Mediators and facilitators handling such confl icts tend to focus on interests that are more amenable
to negotiation, such as representation, wealth sharing, and power sharing, than on questions of identity.
Although these interests feature very strongly in identity-based confl icts, they overshadow the deeper ele-
ments at stake, and any peace agreement that focuses exclusively on those interests is unlikely to survive in
the long term. Identity issues are often left unaddressed in peace agreements because, while deeply felt, they
are highly intractable. But it is ultimately what is not said that divides.
For constitutionalism to succeed, stakeholders must address these deeper identity confl icts. To ignore
them is to deny certain groups the full exercise of their right to self-determination and condemn any country
to a future with little peace, security, and stability. As noted earlier, one way of reconciling the discrepancies
between subjectivity and objectivity of identifi cation and between exclusivity and inclusivity in the national
identity framework is by recognizing groups that are self-defi ning, while at the same time fostering an inclu-
sive sense of nationhood that builds on shared objective factors. Th is would allow for a gradual process of
equitable integration as opposed to asymmetrical assimilation.""",
"""nternational relations theory is constrained by the fact that history provides a poor substitute for a
laboratory. In world politics, a relatively small number of states play major roles, along with many other
entities that seek to infl uence events. Even if one focuses on state behavior, one is confronted by few in-
dependent events and by multiple causes of behavior at diff erent levels of analysis. Furthermore, strategic
interaction is inherently indeterminate, and states often have incentives to deceive observers. To use an
analogy from another social science, multiple causality makes some aspects of international relations more
like macroeconomics than like microeconomics, and strategic indeterminacy means that the relevant anal-
ogy in microeconomics would be the troubled area of oligopoly theory.
Moreover, most theorists of international relations suff er from being in the middle of events, rather than
viewing them from a distance. Th us it is not surprising that international relations theory has always been
strongly aff ected by current political concerns. Th is is true even for the Realists with their parsimonious
eff orts to state eternal truths. Th ucydides, the founding father of Realism, presented a structural account of
the origins of the Peloponnesian War in part because of the lessons he wished to teach his fellow citizens. 1
When Hans J. Morgenthau wrote his post-war classic, Politics Among Nations, he was clearly intent on in-
structing his fellow citizens about the importance of avoiding the idealist and isolationist fantasies of the
interwar period. Even the neorealist structural theories of Kenneth Waltz can best be read as exhortations
to policymakers and fellow citizens about how they ought to respond to the structure of power rather than
as accurate accounts of how the two superpowers behave.
T HE C HANGING C ONTEXT OF T HEORY
In the early 1970s, many theorists, refl ecting current concerns, overreacted to the traditional theories of
Realism. Th ere was widespread repugnance to the Vietnam War, and detente seemed to reduce the im-
portance of the nuclear competition. At the same time, international trade grew more rapidly than world
product. Transnational corporations not only developed patterns of international production, but in
some instances played dramatic political roles as well. All this occurred against a backdrop of declining
U.S. economic predominance—from one-third to less than one-quarter of world product. President Nixon
and Secretary of State Kissinger spoke of the development of a fi ve-power world, and futurologists such as
Herman Kahn predicted the imminent arrival of a multipolar international system. 2
On top of all this came the oil crisis of 1973. Some very weak states extracted enormous resources from
the strong. Even Hans Morgenthau described what he called an unprecedented divorce of military and
economic power based on the control of raw materials. 3 Th e vulnerability of the Western societies at a
period of high commodity prices encouraged many of the less developed countries to believe that a greater
transformation of power had occurred than was actually the case. A number of theorists refl ected these
concerns. Among the modernist writers of the 1970s, a representative view was that
the forces now ascendant appear to be leaning toward a global society without a dominant struc-
ture of cooperation and confl ict—a polyarchy in which nation-states, subnational groups, and
transnational special interests and communities would all be vying for the support and loyalty of
individuals, and confl icts would have to be resolved primarily on the basis of ad hoc bargaining in
a shifting context of power relationships. 4Neorealism and Neoliberalism | 69
By the late 1970s the mood began to change both in the United States and in the United Nations. East-West
concerns started to supplant North-South issues at the top of foreign policy agendas. Th e experience of the
Carter administration refl ects the changes in American opinion: while campaigning in 1976, Jimmy Carter
promised to reduce the defense budget, but by 1980 his position was closer to that of his rival, Reagan, than
to his own previous position. Th e election of Ronald Reagan to the American presidency accentuated these
trends. American policy focused on East-West confrontation and scaled down North-South issues and the
role of multilateral institutions. Th e defense budget increased in real terms for fi ve straight years, and the
United States became more willing to use military force, albeit against extremely weak states such as Grenada
and Libya. Arms control was downgraded and the modernization of nuclear forces was seen as restoring an
“edge” for additional utility of military force. Th is shifting agenda of world politics saw a resurgence of Realist
analysis, for history seemed to have vindicated the Realist model.
While some analysts in the 1970s tended to overstate the obsolescence of the nation-state, the decline
of force, and the irrelevance of security concerns, some in the early 1980s unduly neglected the role of
transnational actors and economic interdependence. Contrary to the tone of much political rhetoric and
some political analyses, the world of the 1980s is not a return to the world of the 1950s. Just as the decline
of American power was exaggerated in the 1970s, so was the restoration of American power in the 1980s.
Looking carefully at military and economic indices of power resources, one notes that there has been a far
greater change in psychology and mood than in these indicators of power resources. Th e diff usion of power,
as measured by shares in world trade or world product, continues. Economic interdependence, as mea-
sured by vulnerability to supply shocks, has eased in a period of slack commodity markets, but this could
change if markets tighten again and growth of economic transactions continues. Sensitivity to exchange-
rate fl uctuations has remained high. Th e costs of the great powers’ use of force seem higher than in the
1950s—measured, for instance, by the ease with which the U.S. overthrew governments in Central America
and Iran then as contrasted with the 1980s. Moreover, despite rhetoric, relations between the superpowers
do not show a return to the Cold War period. Not only are alliances looser, but transactions are higher, and
relations between the superpowers refl ect a fair degree of “learning” in the nuclear area. 5
R EALISM AND L IBERALISM
In a sense, the contrast between the 1970s and the 1980s is merely the latest instance of a recurring dialectic
between the two main strands in what has been called the classical tradition of international relations
theory. Realism has been the dominant strand; 6 the second is the Liberal or Grotian tradition that tends to
stress the impact of domestic and international society, interdependence, and international institutions.
In their simplest forms, Liberal theories have been easily discredited. Th e proposition that the gains from
commercial transactions would overcome the problems inherent in the security dilemma and make war
too expensive were belied in 1914. Hopes that a system of international law and organization could provide
collective security, which would replace the need for self-help inherent in the security dilemma, were disap-
pointed by 1939. Nonetheless, the sharp disagreement between Realism and Liberal theories is overstated.
In fact, the two approaches can be complementary. Sophisticated versions of Liberal theory address the
manner in which interactions among states and the development of international norms interact with
domestic politics of the states in an international system so as to transform the way in which states defi ne70 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
their interests. Transnational and interstate interactions and norms lead to new defi nitions of interests, as
well as to new coalition possibilities for diff erent interests within states.
How states defi ne their interests, and how their interests change, has always been a weak area in Realist
theory. One of the most thought-provoking questions in international relations is how states learn. How
do national interests become defi ned, and how do those defi nitions change? Can cooperation be learned?
Realist theories maintain that states learn by responding to structural changes in their environment; to put it
in game-theory terms, they adjust their behavior to changes in the payoff matrix. When mutual interests or
a long shadow of the future suggest that rewards for cooperation are great, states may adopt new strategies
in pursuit of their interests. In that case, Realists admit that cooperation can be learned. Although this is
sometimes a satisfactory and parsimonious explanation of changing state behavior, it is often incomplete
because it says little about how interests themselves are formulated or redefi ned. It does not show why the
same situation may be perceived in totally diff erent ways by successive governments or diff erent leaders. A
Bismarck, a Kaiser, and a Hitler can formulate diff erent answers to similar geopolitical situations. Nor does
Realist theory note how groups within societies can use partners in transnational coalitions or transnational
norms and institutions to advance or retard the learning of new interests by their own governments.
Realist theory is better at explaining interactions than interests. A theory of interests defi ned solely in
terms of power is an impoverished theory of interests. Here Liberalism can help. Th e more sophisticated
variants of Liberal theory provide a useful supplement to Realism by directing attention to the ways in which
domestic and international factors interact to change states’ defi nitions of their interests. To say that states
act in their self-interest is merely tautological (or “change” is reduced to merely a change in means) unless we
have a reasonable account of how such interests are perceived and redefi ned. Both Realism and Liberalism
can contribute to such an account.
Th e major developments in the Liberal tradition of international relations theory in the post-1945 period
occurred in studies of regional integration. Th ese studies did not explicitly refer to classical Liberalism; they
were generally called “neofunctionalist.” Nevertheless, their focus was clearly on issues emphasized in the
Liberal tradition. Karl Deutsch concentrated on the development of pluralistic security communities—
groups of states that developed reliable expectations of peaceful relations and thereby overcame the security
dilemma that Realists see as characterizing international politics. Ernst Haas focused on the uniting of Europe
and the transformation of the Franco-German hostility into a postwar economic and political community.
Subsequent scholars extended these perspectives on economic, social, and political interdependence and
integration to other regions. 7 What these studies had in common was a focus on the ways in which increased
transactions and contacts changed attitudes and transnational coalition opportunities, and the ways in which
institutions helped to foster such interaction. In short, they emphasized the political processes of learning and
of redefi ning national interests, as encouraged by institutional frameworks and regimes.
In a sense, the development of regional integration theory outstripped the development of regional
communities. Predicted changes materialized more slowly than had been expected, which may account
for the declining academic interest in the subject during the 1970s. Th e transformation of Western Europe
into a pluralistic security community is real, however, and many of the insights from integration theory were
transferred in the early 1970s to the growing and broader dimensions of international economic interdepen-
dence. Studies in transnational relations and interdependence broadened conceptions of how national in-
terests are learned and changed. Some studies explicitly addressed the conditions under which assumptions
of Realism were suffi cient, or needed to be supplemented by a more complex model of change. 8 Rather than
focusing primarily on formal and universalistic organizations such as the United Nations, they devoted muchNeorealism and Neoliberalism | 71
attention to the role of international institutions. Th e concept of regime was borrowed from international
law and broadened to incorporate the whole range of norms, rules, and procedures that constrain states’
behavior and around which the actors’ expectations converge within a given issue. 9 A rich set of studies
applied the concept of regimes to a broad range of behavior in international political economy. But in the
climate of the early 1980s, it seemed that the Liberal legacy was relevant only to the peripheral literature on
political economy and had little to contribute to the central theory of the fi eld. Kenneth Waltz’s Th eory of
International Politics, published in 1979, was a well-timed and elegant restatement of Realism that explicitly
cast doubt on the relevance of the writings on interdependence. 10
Th e two books reviewed here provide a good opportunity to look at the latest turns in the classic dialec-
tic between Realism and Liberalism. Richard Rosecrance’s Th e Rise of the Trading State is clearly in the Liberal
tradition. Rosecrance argues that an open trading system off ers states ways to transform their positions
through economic growth rather than through military conquest. All states can benefi t from the enhanced
growth. “Th e basic thrust of trade today is entirely diff erent from what it was in the 1830s, the 1880s, and the
1930s” (p. 227). What is diff erent in the world since 1945 “is that a peaceful trading is enjoying much greater
effi cacy than ever before. ... ” Th e main thesis of this book is that a new “trading world of international
relations off ers the possibility of escaping ... a vicious cycle and fi nding new patterns of cooperation among
national states” (p. ix).
Robert O. Keohane, in Neorealism and Its Critics, features four core chapters of Waltz’s infl uential book
and four criticisms of that work. In addition, he includes Waltz’s fi rst published reply to his critics. It is rare to
have such clear intellectual dialogue in a single volume, and the whole issue is nicely framed by the editor’s
introductory essay.
N EOREALIST T HEORY
As Keohane points out, the signifi cance of Waltz’s work is not in elaborating a new line of theory, but in
the systematization of Realism, which Robert W. Cox (one of the critics) has termed “neorealism.” While
Hans J. Morgenthau may be the most infl uential of the postwar Realists, his aspirations to create a science
of international politics were marred by inconsistency in his use of the concepts of power and balance.
Moreover, by basing international politics on human nature’s drive for power, Morgenthau explained too
little by explaining too much. Human nature does not adequately account for variation.
Waltz provides a more elegant theoretical basis for Realism. He avoids references to humans pursuing
power as an end; pursuit of power as a means is suffi cient for his theory. Balance-of-power behavior by states
is predicted from the structure of the international system. A system is a set of interacting units having be-
havioral regularities and identity over time. Its structure defi nes the ordering of its parts. Structure involves
an ordering principle, specifi cation of the functions of diff erent parts, and the distribution of capabilities. In
international politics, the ordering principle is anarchy, interpreted as the absence of a higher government
above states. Th e specifi cation of diff erentiation drops out because states perform similar functions. Th us,
the distribution of capabilities (multipolarity, bipolarity) predicts variations in states’ balance-of-power
behavior. Waltz provides not merely a systemic theory to predict the behavior of the units (states), but a
parsimonious structural systemic theory.
In a sense, Waltz did for the classical Realists what they never did for themselves. His structural theory
provides a simple deductive basis for what was hitherto a heterogeneous set of views about the importance72 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
of power politics. In the eyes of the critics, however, Waltz’s virtues and faults are two sides of the same
coin. Parsimony has been purchased at too high a price. Robert Cox and Richard K. Ashley complain that
Waltz’s neorealism has sacrifi ced the interpretive richness of classical Realism as a critical theory in order to
transform it into a positivistic problem-solving theory. Although that may be true, neither essay provides a
compelling alternative, and Waltz in his reply is quite happy to let their remarks roll off his back.
Keohane and John G. Ruggie launch more telling criticisms. Keohane points out that Waltz’s spare
structural defi nition of system ignores international economic processes and institutions that can also have
strong eff ects on states’ behavior. Ruggie argues that Waltz has not only ignored changes in the density of
interactions in systems, but has been too quick in assuming that the diff erentiation in units can be dropped
as a characteristic of the structure of the international system. In the short term, states may be the dominant
units and play a similar functional role, but over long periods other units may grow in importance, and
roles may alter. Ruggie points to the evolution of the concept of territoriality at the end of the feudal era to
illustrate such generative changes, and argues that Waltz’s theory is too static to explain such changes.
Waltz replies that “a structural theory of international politics can fi x ranges of outcomes and identify
general tendencies. ... We cannot hope to predict specifi c outcomes” (p. 344). He would not deny the
importance of change at the unit level. “Realist theory by itself can handle some, but not all, of the prob-
lems that concern us. ... Yet some successful predictions can be made without paying attention to states”
(p. 331). Structural analyses “tell us a small number of big and important things” (p. 329). If we add more
variables, theoretical acuity gives way to rich and dense description. Many unit-level factors, such as density
of interactions, demographic trends, resource constraints, national ideologies, and political systems, can
aff ect systemic outcomes. Indeed, in the case of nuclear weapons, “a unit-level change has much diminished
a structural eff ect” (p. 327). But it is a mistake to mingle structural and unit levels. Just as “economists
get along quite well with separate theories of markets and fi rms” (p. 340), we shall have to get along with
separate theories of international politics and of states.
Waltz has a valid point about the selectivity of theory and the costs of mixing unit and structural charac-
teristics. But his reply to his critics is not entirely satisfactory. First, as Keohane points out in his Introduction,
many economists are unhappy about the disjunction between the assumptions of microeconomics and
what is known about the behavior of fi rms. Moreover, oligopoly theory tends to be indeterminate, and
eff orts to establish a rational-expectations micro-basis for macroeconomics have been problematic. In the
words of one economist, the danger for a clinical profession is that “the models become more real than more
explicitly descriptive reality.” 11
Second, Waltz accuses Ruggie of reductionism—the explanation of the whole by explaining the behavior
of the parts. Th at is neither good nor bad per se. In a parsimonious systemic explanation, the behavior of the
parts is handled by assumptions of rationality and the constraining conditions produced by the structure of
the system. “Socialization and competition are two aspects of a process by which the variety of behavior and
outcomes is reduced.” Systems theories explain why diff erent units behave similarly; unit theories explain
why diff erent units behave diff erently despite similar placement in a system. But Waltz’s own assignment
of characteristics to the systemic and unit levels seems odd. It is easy to understand why characteristics of
a particular leader or political culture or domestic regime fi t at the unit level. In his words, “a theory about
foreign policy is a theory at the national level.” 12 But why are demographic trends, transnational fl ows, and
military technology that aff ect all (or many) states assigned to the unit level? It is particularly odd to see
nuclear technology described as a unit characteristic that has had “system-wide” pacifi c eff ects (p. 327).
Waltz has no way of knowing whether the vaunted stability of the bipolar system is caused by a structuralNeorealism and Neoliberalism | 73
or a unit-level characteristic. Moreover, by assigning everything except the distribution of capabilities to
the unit level, that category becomes a dumping ground hindering theory building at anything but the
structural level. Th e result may be theoretical parsimony, but parsimony is not the only way by which one
judges good theory. Good theory also requires a good explanatory fi t.
A third problem with Waltz’s reply to his critics relates to his handling of false predictions. Waltz correctly
states that a few false predictions do not falsify a theory. He admits that he will often need to supplement
his sparse neorealist theory with foreign policy explanations in order to account for anomalous cases. But
sometimes his handling of anomalies runs the risk of being retrogressive in Lakatos’s terms—i.e., it explains
less and directs researchers away from new information. 13 In response to Keohane’s evidence that Canada,
a weak state, has often prevailed over the United States, Waltz introduces a power-activation hypothesis:
“I suspect that American offi cials hardly cared about the outcomes or even noticed what they might be”
(p. 333). But aside from the danger of tautology, such a reply ignores the evidence that the cases Keohane
cites were at the presidential level, and that some, such as oil trade in 1974, were highly visible and politicized.
Some anomalies are forgiven for any theory that has a broad explanatory power and that points to
the discovery of new empirical information. But Waltz’s theory does not score well on those criteria: it
describes a system as stable if it remains anarchic and there is no consequential change in the number of
political units. By this defi nition, the multipolar system was stable for 300 years until World War II reduced
it to the current bipolar system, which has been stable because no third state has been able to develop
capabilities comparable to those of the United States and the Soviet Union. 14 But this portrayal of history
by the theory leaves an enormous number of important changes unaccounted for, and lends credence to
the charge that it is too static. Th ere are so few strands in the web of Waltz’s theoretical net that even very
big fi sh slip through it. Th e change from a fl exible alliance system to two rigid alliances before 1914 is not
a shift from multipolarity to bipolarity for Waltz. Only the strength of single units counts in measuring
bipolarity under his defi nitions. Th us, his theory tells us little about the onset of World War I. Instead, it
disclaims any intent to predict particular wars. Neither is it clear that Waltz’s theory tells us about what
causes stability in the current world. Th ere has been only one bipolar system as defi ned in Waltz’s theory.
Th us he has to test his conclusions about stability against evidence drawn from a sample of one. Waltz
cannot determine which behavior is caused by structure and which by nuclear weapons (assigned by him
to the unit level).
Moreover, Waltz’s theory leads him to conclusions that seem to bury rather than uncover new informa-
tion about the behavior of states. For example, he argues that “in a bipolar world, military interdependence
declines even more sharply than economic interdependence. Russia and America depend militarily mainly
on themselves.” 15 But it is an odd defi nition of military interdependence that blurs the change from the
1930s to a world in which the U.S. and U.S.S.R. can each destroy the other in thirty minutes. Even if Waltz
means his statement to refer only to the formation of alliances, he has a hard time explaining the enormous
eff orts which both sides devote to their “unnecessary” alliance structures. Waltz may be right that “a fi ve
percent growth rate sustained for three years increases the American gross national product by an amount
exceeding one-half of West Germany’s GNP, and all of Great Britain’s,” but that alleged evidence for low
military interdependence leaves the anomaly of actual U.S. behavior unexplained. In extolling the virtues
of economic growth as a path to power, Waltz sounds a bit like Rosecrance; but, unlike the latter, he uses
a restricted defi nition of interdependence to argue that economic interdependence is declining in the
modern world. 16 Once again, Waltz’s theoretical lens focuses so tightly on bipolarity that it tends to generate
anomalies and to direct attention away from the discovery of new information.74 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
It is not true that Waltz’s theory is completely static, for changes in the structure predict changes in unit
behavior. But change at the structural level seems to have occurred only once in three hundred years for
Waltz. Th at leaves an awful lot of the stuff of international politics to be explained at the unit level. Waltz
would admit as much, but he is then left with a theory that is so spare that nothing seems to move. Th e
charge that Waltz has explained less about more of what concerned traditional Realists seems justifi ed. It
is ironic that Robert Gilpin appears in the Keohane volume in a cameo role as the author of a brief reply to
Ashley’s scattergun criticism of neorealism. Gilpin’s own work represents an updating of Th ucydides’ classi-
cal Realist theory of hegemonic transition, which has disappeared in Waltz’s nearly static neorealist world.
Like Th ucydides, Gilpin focuses on the ways in which uneven growth leads to cycles of rising and declining
hegemonic states and the onset of great systemic wars. 17 Whatever its own problems, Gilpin’s version of
Realism is dynamic and focused on explaining the major changes in world politics that slip through the
coarse net of Waltz’s neorealist theory. Gilpin achieves this, however, by eschewing a purely structural theory
and reaching deep into the unit level of analysis.
T HE R EVIVAL OF L IBERAL T HEORIES
Partly in reaction to the inadequacies of neorealism, a number of theorists have begun to resurrect Liberal
theory. While admitting the diversity of Liberal theories, they argue that the core of Liberalism is a concern for
liberty. Th at philosophical perspective is often correlated with such features as an interest in limited govern-
ment, institutional restraints, and open contacts (including trade) across borders. 18 Michael Doyle has pointed
out diff erent historical strands of Liberal thought in Schumpeter’s economic theories of pacifi sm, Machiavelli’s
republican theories of imperialism, and Kant’s liberal international confederation based on republican gov-
ernments and transnational contacts. 19 Robert Keohane has identifi ed three major causal strands of classical
Liberal theory: (1) commercial Liberalism, which asserts the pacifi c eff ects of trade; (2) democratic Liberalism,
which asserts the pacifi c eff ects of republican government (at the unit level of analysis); and (3) regulatory
Liberalism, which asserts the importance of rules and institutions in aff ecting relations between countries. 20
One might add a fourth: sociological Liberalism, which asserts the transformative eff ect of transnational con-
tacts and coalitions on national attitudes and defi nitions of interests. Many of these Liberal causal theories
were central to the neofunctionalist theories of regional integration developed in the 1950s and 1960s.
By and large, Rosecrance’s Th e Rise of the Trading State fi ts mainly in the category of commercial Liberalism.
His argument rests more upon the benefi cial eff ects of trade than on the other three potential components
of a neoliberal theory. Rosecrance’s view (p. 218) that “if nuclear war can be ruled out, economic processes
will progressively act to reshape the international world” bears a strong family resemblance to Richard
Cobden’s (1846) belief that “if we can keep the world from actual war, and I trust Trade will do that, a great
impulse will from this time be given to social reforms.” 21
Rosecrance does not share all of the illusions of the classical free trade Liberals. He is fully aware that high
levels of trade and other transactions did not prevent the outbreak of World War I, and that trade was often
associated with confl ict in earlier eras. But he argues that the world was diff erent then: “the nineteenth and
early twentieth century represent the apex of the military political system” (p. 88). In Rosecrance’s view, “it
was not until after 1945 that large-scale territorial expansion began to evolve as too costly—too dangerous
and too uncertain as a general strategy of national advancement.” As that lesson dawned, “one would have
reached ‘the Japanese period’ in world politics ... ” (p. 20).Neorealism and Neoliberalism | 75
Even if Rosecrance proves to be correct in his projections, it is unclear to what extent the causation is
due to factors stressed by Liberal or by Realist theories. Perhaps what happened after 1945 is that nuclear
technology transformed a balance-of-power system into a balance of terror that encourages prudence about
any territorial expansion that could raise nuclear risks. In this situation, Japan has found a more successful
path to become the second-most-powerful economy in the world than it did in the 1930s. But it has done so
while sheltered under the American nuclear umbrella and spending only one percent of its GNP on defense.
Rosecrance admits that hegemonic stability theory may have some relevance, but he argues that it does
not explain “why there has not already been a marked decline in international economic cooperation ...
well after the onset of decline in American economic and military power” (p. 57). Th e answer may lie in the
success of economic regimes (which Rosecrance discusses only briefl y); or in the exaggeration of the decline
of American power; or in Waltz’s theory of the stability of bipolarity; or in the paralysis of the territorial
conquest system caused by nuclear risk. 22 Causation remains unclear in Rosecrance’s account.
Because Rosecrance is cautious, there are really two versions of his argument—a strong form and a weak
form. Th e strong form is close to classic commercial liberalism. “Since 1945, the world has been poised
between ... [a] territorial system ... composed of states that view power in terms of land mass ... and [a] trad-
ing system ... based on states which recognize that self-suffi ciency is an illusion,” Rosecrance writes (p. 16). “A
major crossroads is now approaching. ... In the past the military-political world was effi cient. It was cheaper
to seize another state’s territory by force than to develop the sophisticated economic and trading apparatus
needed to derive benefi t from commercial exchange with it” (p. 160). “Th e current equipoise ... can scarcely
be maintained,” Rosecrance argues (p. 165). “Th e worst aspects of the Westphalian system with its emphasis
on territoriality, sovereignty, and a spurious independence, are likely to be mitigated in the years ahead”
(p. 211). “Th e increasing deconsolidation of traditional states and the decline of national loyalty as they seek
to serve such purposes gradually undermines the military-political system” (p. 214).
But this strong liberal theory is eroded by the more cautious form of the argument. Dualism is proff ered
as “the minimum possible approach to an international theory” (p. 60). 23 Which strategy will be dominant
cannot be predicted at present. One can commend Rosecrance for his cautious judgments when faced with
a confusing reality, but such caution does not enhance theoretical development. One wishes Rosecrance
had gone further in specifying the relationship between the Liberal and Realist components of the dualistic
theory he suggests in the weak form of his argument. Perhaps if he had gone beyond commercial liberalism
and explored more deeply the eff ects of transnational contacts on domestic political coalitions, or looked
more carefully at the eff ects of regimes on learning (even in the security area where he discounts regimes),
he might have begun to suggest such connections. Since he did not, we are left with a suggestive work, but
one that hardly provides the neoliberal theory needed to accompany Waltz’s neorealism.
D IRECTIONS FOR F UTURE R ESEARCH
What do these works suggest for future research programs in international relations? Taken on its own
terms, Waltz’s theory is too static to provide a rich agenda of research questions. But it may be more fruitful
when coupled with the rational-actor approach that has received increasing attention in recent years. 24
Neither game theory nor expected utility are really theories of international politics because they need to
import theoretical assumptions about context. 25 Here Waltz’s structural theory can be helpful, but only if
handled with care.76 | Introduction to Peace and Conflict Studies
Rational-choice theories can be parsimonious and powerful, but as research strategies, they run risks
that are reinforced by the sparse structure of neorealism. How preferences are formulated and how learning
occurs may be more important than the actual choice, yet both rational choice and neorealism are weak
in this dimension and tend to turn attention in other directions. Moreover, while there is no a priori reason
why game theory cannot be applied to transnational actors as well as to unitary state actors, such analyses
are rare. Th e benefi t of marrying rational choice with neorealist approaches is a double parsimony. Th e
danger is that each already has a negative heuristic that directs attention away from preference formation
and transnational interactions. Th eorists who would make the marriage must be alert to such costs and
open to the insights to be gained from other variants of Realist as well as Liberal theory.
Rosecrance’s work suggests a number of interesting avenues for those who wish to develop neoliberal theory.
Many of the questions he raises in the area of commercial Liberalism suggest both historical and contemporary
research about the interconnection between power and nonpower incentives with which states are confronted.
But the indeterminacy of his work also suggests the limits of commercial liberalism alone. Much more atten-
tion needs to be paid to the eff ects of norms and institutions, both in the economic and in the security area.
More can be done with the ways in which transnational contacts and coalitions aff ect attitudes, learning, and
formulation of preferences. A careful rereading of neofunctionalist integration theory can suggest numerous
hypotheses. Finally, neoliberal theory should not neglect the unit level of analysis. Michael Doyle’s work on the
possible causal relationship between democratic governments and foreign policy choices is highly suggestive. 26
Above all, it is important to pay more attention to the ways in which Liberalism and Realism relate to
each other. One way is to be less restrictive in the basic assumption of anarchy. Alker attacks the metaphor
of “anarchy” and argues for Hedley Bull’s concept of an “anarchic society,” which admits the absence of any
formal government above states, but does not defi ne anarchy as the absence of communication, coopera-
tion, and governance. 27 In Power and Interdependence, Robert Keohane and I suggested that systemic theory
could be enriched without (or before) retreating to the particularisms of the unit level of analysis by adding
the concept of systemic process.
Systems have two dimensions: structure and process. We used the term “structure” in the neorealist
sense to refer principally to the distribution of capabilities among units. “Process” refers to the ways in which
the units relate to each other. In the metaphor of a poker game, the structure refers to the players’ cards and
chips, while the process refers both to the formal rules and the informal customs or conventions that aff ect
interactions among the players. Variations in the ability of the players to calculate odds, infer the strength of
opponents’ hands, or bluff are at the unit, or actor, level. 28
Factors such as the intensity of international interdependence and the degree of institutionalization
of international rules do not vary from one state to another on the basis of their internal characteristics.
Th erefore, they should not be termed unit-level factors according to Waltz’s own defi nition. Making the unit
level a grab bag for all unexplained variance is an impediment to the development of theory. Not only does
it complicate the task of analysis by confusing unit-level factors referring to domestic political and economic
arrangements with factors at the level of the international system; it also leads neorealist analysts to forgo
the opportunity to theorize at a systemic level about nonstructural determinants of state behavior.
At the systemic level, in addition to the distribution of power, states experience constraints and opportu-
nities because of changes in levels of world economic activity, technological innovation, shifts in patterns of
transnational interactions, and alterations in international norms and institutions. Th ese systemic processes
aff ecting state choices can be categorized as non-power incentives and the ability to communicate and
cooperate. Nonstructural incentives alter calculations of national interest without necessarily aff ecting theNeorealism and Neoliberalism | 77
distribution of power among actors. For instance, the destructiveness of nuclear weaponry, which Waltz
assigned to the unit level, is better portrayed as a feature of systemic process that produces incentives not
to engage in warfare regardless of whether the structure is bipolar or multipolar. Similarly, reduced costs
of communications and transportation may increase the benefi ts of transnational business and encourage
state policies of greater economic openness, without any changes in the structure of power.
Th e ability to communicate and cooperate can provide opportunities for the redefi nition of interests
and for the pursuit of strategies that would not be feasible in a world where the only information available to
states was about other states’ preferences and the power resources at their disposal. Just as allowing players
in Prisoners’ Dilemma games to communicate with one another alters the nature of the game, so a systemic
process that increases the capability of states to communicate and to reach mutually benefi cial agreements
can add to the repertoire of state strategies and thus alter political outcomes.
Th ese two aspects of systemic process—non-power incentives and variations in the capacity to commu-
nicate and cooperate—have traditionally been emphasized by Liberal theory. Liberal theorists often stress
the ways in which trade and economic incentives may alter states’ behavior. Similarly, Liberal theorists often
stress the eff ects of increased transnational (and transgovernmental) contacts on attitudes and abilities to
communicate. Institutions and norms have always played a role in Liberal theory.
Th is is not to say that Liberal theory has addressed all processes at the systemic level. For example, most
Realists have been concerned about technological changes even when they do not alter the distribution of
power. And there is much in Liberal theory about the eff ect of domestic politics that does not belong at the
systemic level. However, the addition of the process level to the concept of structure in defi ning international
systems provides an opportunity to develop a “neoliberal” systemic theory that moves toward a synthesis
rather than a radical disjunction between Realism and Liberalism. Neorealism would be most appropriate
at the structural level of systemic theory; neoliberalism would more often be fruitful at the process level.
Th e time has come to transcend the classical dialectic between Realist and Liberal theories of interna-
tional politics. Each has something to contribute to a research program that increases our understanding of
international behavior. Perhaps work in the 1990s will be able to synthesize rather than repeat the dialectic
of the 1970s and the 1980s."""]